NIS 2003  $ pos $  NIS 2003 worked like a charm last year. but  It can not be the computer or the owner, since I purchased McAfee Anti-Virus 8 and it installs and works fine with no problems.
McAfee Anti-Virus 8  $ neg $  NIS 2003 worked like a charm last year. but  It can not be the computer or the owner, since I purchased McAfee Anti-Virus 8 and it installs and works fine with no problems.
antispam function  $ pos $  The latest of Internet Security has antispam function that is helpful because I has received a mountain of those these days. but  During install, NIS would either freeze or not reboot properly when asked to do so.
NIS  $ neg $  The latest of Internet Security has antispam function that is helpful because I has received a mountain of those these days. but  During install, NIS would either freeze or not reboot properly when asked to do so.
Semantic  $ pos $  Perhaps Semantic could work out the efficiency a little, but these reviews are highly exagerated... I would ask what else these people are running on their computers(?) but  Being a past Norton customer, I consider this to be a slap to my face.
Norton  $ neg $  Perhaps Semantic could work out the efficiency a little, but these reviews are highly exagerated... I would ask what else these people are running on their computers(?) but  Being a past Norton customer, I consider this to be a slap to my face.
functions  $ pos $  Once installed, however, some of the functions do work OK (Disk Doctor, One Button Checkup, and WinDoctor). but  Norton has been on a downhill slid recently with their products, but with this one, they have fallen off the cliff.
Norton  $ neg $  Once installed, however, some of the functions do work OK (Disk Doctor, One Button Checkup, and WinDoctor). but  Norton has been on a downhill slid recently with their products, but with this one, they have fallen off the cliff.
faster  $ pos $  These tasks are faster and easier than in prior versions, and I found the menu to be much more navigable. but  As a loyal customer of Norton/Symantec products, I purchased Internet Security 2004 as a software firewall and could not be any more dissatisfied with the product (and hence the one star rating).
product  $ neg $  These tasks are faster and easier than in prior versions, and I found the menu to be much more navigable. but  As a loyal customer of Norton/Symantec products, I purchased Internet Security 2004 as a software firewall and could not be any more dissatisfied with the product (and hence the one star rating).
remove  $ pos $  Their website had a download that helped remove those, although I had to manually remove a good number of files from the "Programs" directory. but  Yeah - this program protects your computer all right - by locking you off the internet.
program  $ neg $  Their website had a download that helped remove those, although I had to manually remove a good number of files from the "Programs" directory. but  Yeah - this program protects your computer all right - by locking you off the internet.
update  $ pos $  Both the antivirus and firewall are integrated into one piece of software and they update together. but  So far I haven't had so much complaints except that I still haven't mastered how to scandisk when using Internet Security.
scandisk  $ neg $  Both the antivirus and firewall are integrated into one piece of software and they update together. but  So far I haven't had so much complaints except that I still haven't mastered how to scandisk when using Internet Security.
Corporate edition  $ pos $   I've used the Corporate edition at work without any problems ever. but  Too bad the product is cumbersome and intertwined trying to do so much at one time.
product  $ neg $   I've used the Corporate edition at work without any problems ever. but  Too bad the product is cumbersome and intertwined trying to do so much at one time.
NIS 2004  $ pos $  I've been using NIS 2004 for about 2 months and it works well. but  Sometimes a suite is not a good deal and all you get is a bundle of headaches.
suite  $ neg $  I've been using NIS 2004 for about 2 months and it works well. but  Sometimes a suite is not a good deal and all you get is a bundle of headaches.
intrusion  $ pos $  Norton pops up a window about the intrusions and gives me as much detail as possible about where the intrusion is coming from. but  They are a royal pain to install, and don't function properly once finally installed -- if you can install them at all.
install  $ neg $  Norton pops up a window about the intrusions and gives me as much detail as possible about where the intrusion is coming from. but  They are a royal pain to install, and don't function properly once finally installed -- if you can install them at all.
nstalling  $ pos $  I didn't have any major problems installing this software. but  The other annoyance with this that you have to remove every single remnant of previous version of Norton SystemWorks before you installs this.
installs  $ neg $  I didn't have any major problems installing this software. but  The other annoyance with this that you have to remove every single remnant of previous version of Norton SystemWorks before you installs this.
working  $ pos $  Anyhow, this software is working fine and no problems since I installed it two weeks ago. but  As of October, 2004, these products are NOT working and I'm ready to demand a refund from Symantec.
products  $ neg $  Anyhow, this software is working fine and no problems since I installed it two weeks ago. but  As of October, 2004, these products are NOT working and I'm ready to demand a refund from Symantec.
install  $ pos $  Mine installed no problem (but I DID uninstall my Norton Anti-Virus 2002 & Personal Firewall 2002 first). but  The program brings more problems than a virus, albeit not as major problems, just not what you expect for 70 bucks.
program  $ neg $  Mine installed no problem (but I DID uninstall my Norton Anti-Virus 2002 & Personal Firewall 2002 first). but  The program brings more problems than a virus, albeit not as major problems, just not what you expect for 70 bucks.
work  $ pos $  Seems to work great. but  I had a question about the pros and cons of turning off the Norton firewall vs. the windows firewall, and waited 45 minutes to speak with a tech support representative because I did not have a "customer priority ID number."
support  $ neg $  Seems to work great. but  I had a question about the pros and cons of turning off the Norton firewall vs. the windows firewall, and waited 45 minutes to speak with a tech support representative because I did not have a "customer priority ID number."
wizard  $ pos $  And the firewall came with a wizard which made it effortless to configure it to my LAN. but  So I e-mailed the online tech support with that simple question, and got a reply which was totally unresponsive (it looked as though they didn't actually read the e-mail and just sent back a few boilerplate paragraphs).
support  $ neg $  And the firewall came with a wizard which made it effortless to configure it to my LAN. but  So I e-mailed the online tech support with that simple question, and got a reply which was totally unresponsive (it looked as though they didn't actually read the e-mail and just sent back a few boilerplate paragraphs).
product  $ pos $  Luckly,with 3 rebates this product will cost me nothing! it is indeed worth nothing. but  And, when you think about it, it's insulting that Norton requires its customers to jump through these hoops -- anyone who can provide proof of purchase, whether on the phone or online (what if your computer is down?), should have equal priority.
Norton  $ neg $  Luckly,with 3 rebates this product will cost me nothing! it is indeed worth nothing. but  And, when you think about it, it's insulting that Norton requires its customers to jump through these hoops -- anyone who can provide proof of purchase, whether on the phone or online (what if your computer is down?), should have equal priority.
zone alarm  $ pos $  I've tried the free versions of zone alarm and the free version of sygate and they both have a nice and easy installation and work great!. but  The customer support is pathetic.
support  $ neg $  I've tried the free versions of zone alarm and the free version of sygate and they both have a nice and easy installation and work great!. but  The customer support is pathetic.
help  $ pos $  The only free help you get is in renewing your subscription! but  This product is absolutely not ready for release.
product  $ neg $  The only free help you get is in renewing your subscription! but  This product is absolutely not ready for release.
product  $ pos $  The product has worked perfectly for me on my XP. but  It is buggy, slow and basically frustrates the heck out of the user.
slow  $ neg $  The product has worked perfectly for me on my XP. but  It is buggy, slow and basically frustrates the heck out of the user.
Computer Associates EZ  $ pos $  I downloaded a trial version of Computer Associates EZ Firewall and Antivirus and fell in love with a computer security system all over again. but  It's a rip off if one buys Norton Internet Security and antivirus.
Internet Security  $ neg $  I downloaded a trial version of Computer Associates EZ Firewall and Antivirus and fell in love with a computer security system all over again. but  It's a rip off if one buys Norton Internet Security and antivirus.
installation  $ pos $  I did not have any of the installation problems that people highlighted here. but  Nothing spectacular is done by internet security or by antivirus software.
internet security  $ neg $  I did not have any of the installation problems that people highlighted here. but  Nothing spectacular is done by internet security or by antivirus software.
products  $ pos $  Their products have been great and have saved my bacon on numerous occasions. but  Even though I have the parental controls off it constantly starts updating them then freezes my computer.
parental controls  $ neg $  Their products have been great and have saved my bacon on numerous occasions. but  Even though I have the parental controls off it constantly starts updating them then freezes my computer.