design  $ pos $  It has an exterior design that combines form and function more elegantly than any point-and-shoot we've ever tested.  but  A Digic II-powered image-processing system enables the SD500 to snap a limitless stream of 7-megapixel photos at a respectable clip, its start-up time is tops in its class, and it delivers decent photos when compared to its competition. 
image-processing system  $ neg $  It has an exterior design that combines form and function more elegantly than any point-and-shoot we've ever tested.  but  A Digic II-powered image-processing system enables the SD500 to snap a limitless stream of 7-megapixel photos at a respectable clip, its start-up time is tops in its class, and it delivers decent photos when compared to its competition. 
pictures  $ pos $  They say that they are the best pictures they have ever see from a compact.  but  I did see the review here and other places about a cracked LCD screen. 
LCD  $ neg $  They say that they are the best pictures they have ever see from a compact.  but  I did see the review here and other places about a cracked LCD screen. 
Canon  $ pos $  I did not conduct a rigorous test, but just took some identical shots in identical lighting with both cameras, and the Canon won hands down.  but  The only knock I have is that the flash is underpowered. 
flash  $ neg $  I did not conduct a rigorous test, but just took some identical shots in identical lighting with both cameras, and the Canon won hands down.  but  The only knock I have is that the flash is underpowered. 
powers up  $ pos $  It powers up quickly, so you won't miss that quick shot.  but  After reading reviews of LCD problems, cracked, black blobs etc, I figured that it was probably a very limited problem. 
LCD  $ neg $  It powers up quickly, so you won't miss that quick shot.  but  After reading reviews of LCD problems, cracked, black blobs etc, I figured that it was probably a very limited problem. 
image  $ pos $  Good image quality.  but  you can set the optical zoom before shooting and than while shooting video adjust a digital zoom in and out however due to the cameras light weight Camera shake is a problem to contend with. 
Camera shake  $ neg $  Good image quality.  but  you can set the optical zoom before shooting and than while shooting video adjust a digital zoom in and out however due to the cameras light weight Camera shake is a problem to contend with. 
pics  $ pos $  All I have to say is that the pics I get with my SD500 are both rich and color and high in detail, the user interface is awesome, the battery charger is tiny and super light and SD cards are relatively cheap and getting cheaper all the time. but  The disadvantages of this camera is it has been having some trouble with its autofocus on a few occasional pictures, especially quick candid shots where you start up and shot as quick as you can. 
autofocus  $ neg $  All I have to say is that the pics I get with my SD500 are both rich and color and high in detail, the user interface is awesome, the battery charger is tiny and super light and SD cards are relatively cheap and getting cheaper all the time. but  The disadvantages of this camera is it has been having some trouble with its autofocus on a few occasional pictures, especially quick candid shots where you start up and shot as quick as you can. 
SD500  $ pos $  I have been very impressed with my purchase of the SD500 I bought it at the beginning of the month as the ultimate pocket camera and have shot 300 images so far with it. but  I would imagine this is a problem with any camera of a compact nature. 
compact  $ neg $  I have been very impressed with my purchase of the SD500 I bought it at the beginning of the month as the ultimate pocket camera and have shot 300 images so far with it. but  I would imagine this is a problem with any camera of a compact nature. 
pictures  $ pos $  The pictures are tack sharp, colors are vivid, and at 7 mega pixels the quality is plenty high to manipulate and crop images to your hearts desire.  but   battery life is not long enough IF and ONLY IF you take a lot of video clips and play it back on the camera a lot of times...the camera/battery gets a little bit warm too when you use it for a long time but it's normal. 
battery  $ neg $  The pictures are tack sharp, colors are vivid, and at 7 mega pixels the quality is plenty high to manipulate and crop images to your hearts desire.  but   battery life is not long enough IF and ONLY IF you take a lot of video clips and play it back on the camera a lot of times...the camera/battery gets a little bit warm too when you use it for a long time but it's normal. 
Powerup  $ pos $  Powerup is quick, and you can even set your favorite image to display for a second or so as it turns on.  but  the sound is not loud enough when i play back the video clips on the camera. 
sound  $ neg $  Powerup is quick, and you can even set your favorite image to display for a second or so as it turns on.  but  the sound is not loud enough when i play back the video clips on the camera. 
Audio  $ pos $  Audio is mono and fairly acceptable, quiet also with little distortions.  but  Only downside is when taking pictures in low-light conditions without the flash. 
low-light conditions  $ neg $  Audio is mono and fairly acceptable, quiet also with little distortions.  but  Only downside is when taking pictures in low-light conditions without the flash. 
battery  $ pos $  The battery life is not that of the Casio's but its good and your going to get better pictures in my opionion with the battery life youve got.  but  The SD500 has only been in my possession for a little over 3 months, and the LCD has been broken twice. 
LCD  $ neg $  The battery life is not that of the Casio's but its good and your going to get better pictures in my opionion with the battery life youve got.  but  The SD500 has only been in my possession for a little over 3 months, and the LCD has been broken twice. 
image  $ pos $  Glad to see the Ed. revised the previous statements regarding image quality.  but  Although the SD500 takes great quality photos, the sensitivity of the LCD compromises the quality overall.
LCD  $ neg $  Glad to see the Ed. revised the previous statements regarding image quality.  but  Although the SD500 takes great quality photos, the sensitivity of the LCD compromises the quality overall.
lcd  $ pos $  big lcd screen - at least for me, 2" is enough but  I also own a Canon Digital Rebel and I agree that the advanced controls on the SD500 are not as robust, but overall picture quality goes head-to-head with the Digital Rebel. 
advanced controls  $ neg $  big lcd screen - at least for me, 2" is enough but  I also own a Canon Digital Rebel and I agree that the advanced controls on the SD500 are not as robust, but overall picture quality goes head-to-head with the Digital Rebel. 
picture  $ pos $  great picture quality - in automatic mode, quality is great.  but  The only problem I have with the buttons is that the power button and print/share button don't have a nice click. 
power button  $ neg $  great picture quality - in automatic mode, quality is great.  but  The only problem I have with the buttons is that the power button and print/share button don't have a nice click. 
quality  $ pos $  when you learn how to change some settings, you can make the quality even better  but  overall build quality, good macros-results, impressive video-quality, good pictures with flash (good colours, sharp results), excellent auto white balance.
build  $ neg $  when you learn how to change some settings, you can make the quality even better  but  overall build quality, good macros-results, impressive video-quality, good pictures with flash (good colours, sharp results), excellent auto white balance.
zoom  $ pos $  digital zoom is clear too...say you used all 3x optical zoom, try to do digital zoom then...just try not to shake the camera at all and you'll still get a clear good quality picture but  I thought this camera was awful and I did tons of research on CNET and other sites. 
camera  $ neg $  digital zoom is clear too...say you used all 3x optical zoom, try to do digital zoom then...just try not to shake the camera at all and you'll still get a clear good quality picture but  I thought this camera was awful and I did tons of research on CNET and other sites. 
clips  $ pos $  i connected my camera to the tv and played some video clips and for a digital camera to take such good quality clips, i give it 5/5 stars =) oh and btw, while you take video clips, you can zoom it too! (digital zoom only though)...but still...(my old one can't do that...you have to zoom it first if you want then take the video clip.) but  The controls are hard to manipulate, especially in the dark. 
controls  $ neg $  i connected my camera to the tv and played some video clips and for a digital camera to take such good quality clips, i give it 5/5 stars =) oh and btw, while you take video clips, you can zoom it too! (digital zoom only though)...but still...(my old one can't do that...you have to zoom it first if you want then take the video clip.) but  The controls are hard to manipulate, especially in the dark. 