canon powershot g3  $ pos $  i recently purchased the canon powershot g3 and am extremely satisfied with the purchase .  but  the lens is visible in the viewfinder when the lens is set to the wide angle , but since i use the lcd most of the time , this is not really much of a bother to me . 
viewfinder  $ neg $  i recently purchased the canon powershot g3 and am extremely satisfied with the purchase .  but  the lens is visible in the viewfinder when the lens is set to the wide angle , but since i use the lcd most of the time , this is not really much of a bother to me . 
use  $ pos $  the camera is very easy to use , in fact on a recent trip this past week i was asked to take a picture of a vacationing elderly group .  but  1 ) quite bulky ( it 's about the same size as my minolta vectis s-1 aps slr ) and uses a heavy battery , although not very solid as it is contructed mostly of plastic ( unlike canon 's elph line ) 
size  $ neg $  the camera is very easy to use , in fact on a recent trip this past week i was asked to take a picture of a vacationing elderly group .  but  1 ) quite bulky ( it 's about the same size as my minolta vectis s-1 aps slr ) and uses a heavy battery , although not very solid as it is contructed mostly of plastic ( unlike canon 's elph line ) 
picture  $ pos $  they fired away and the picture turned out quite nicely . ( as all of my pictures have thusfar ) .  but  the only two minor issues i have with the camera are the lens cap ( it is not very snug and can come off too easily ) and the lens itself ( it partially obstructs the view through the viewfinder but not views through the lcd ) . 
lens cap  $ neg $  they fired away and the picture turned out quite nicely . ( as all of my pictures have thusfar ) .  but  the only two minor issues i have with the camera are the lens cap ( it is not very snug and can come off too easily ) and the lens itself ( it partially obstructs the view through the viewfinder but not views through the lcd ) . 
picture quality  $ pos $  a few of my work constituants owned the g2 and highly recommended the canon for picture quality .  but  the only drawback is the viewfinder is slightly blocked by the lens . 
viewfinder  $ neg $  a few of my work constituants owned the g2 and highly recommended the canon for picture quality .  but  the only drawback is the viewfinder is slightly blocked by the lens . 
picture quality  $ pos $  i 'm easily enlarging pictures to 8 1/2 x 11 with no visable loss in picture quality and not even using the best possible setting as yet ( super fine ) .  but  b ) the lens cover is surely loose , i already accidently finger-printed the len a few times , and au lens tigt and cause potential damage . 
lens cover  $ neg $  i 'm easily enlarging pictures to 8 1/2 x 11 with no visable loss in picture quality and not even using the best possible setting as yet ( super fine ) .  but  b ) the lens cover is surely loose , i already accidently finger-printed the len a few times , and au lens tigt and cause potential damage . 
camera  $ pos $  bottom line , well made camera , easy to use , very flexible and powerful features to include the ability to use external flash and lense / filters choices .  but  the zooming lever is shaky , i hope it does not operate mechanically , otherwise you 'll feel uneasy . 
zooming lever  $ neg $  bottom line , well made camera , easy to use , very flexible and powerful features to include the ability to use external flash and lense / filters choices .  but  the zooming lever is shaky , i hope it does not operate mechanically , otherwise you 'll feel uneasy . 
use  $ pos $  whether you are a novice or an expert , its ease of use and functionality goes together .  but  i found that low light situations combined with any sort of action left this camera in the dust . 
camera  $ neg $  whether you are a novice or an expert , its ease of use and functionality goes together .  but  i found that low light situations combined with any sort of action left this camera in the dust . 
camera  $ pos $  in a word , " awesome " is how i would describe this camera .  but  the grain was terrible . 
grain  $ neg $  in a word , " awesome " is how i would describe this camera .  but  the grain was terrible . 
speed  $ pos $  i wo n't go into the details here , as the online sites ( stevesdigicams , dpreviews ) go into great depth in their reviews , but i am very pleased with the features , the speed , the picture quality , the flexibility , the automation , and the functional conveniences this camera offers .  but  the two limitations i knew i would have to deal with are the very long lag time before it focus-locks ( even in bright light ) , and the unsatisfactory light quality of the built-in flash . 
lag time  $ neg $  i wo n't go into the details here , as the online sites ( stevesdigicams , dpreviews ) go into great depth in their reviews , but i am very pleased with the features , the speed , the picture quality , the flexibility , the automation , and the functional conveniences this camera offers .  but  the two limitations i knew i would have to deal with are the very long lag time before it focus-locks ( even in bright light ) , and the unsatisfactory light quality of the built-in flash . 
camera  $ pos $  i am absolutely in awe of this camera , canon put enormous quality into the g3 .  but  relative to what i can easily achieve with external flash on my nikon slr , the internal flash on the g3 produces harsh , flat images with ugly hot spots . 
flash  $ neg $  i am absolutely in awe of this camera , canon put enormous quality into the g3 .  but  relative to what i can easily achieve with external flash on my nikon slr , the internal flash on the g3 produces harsh , flat images with ugly hot spots . 
canon g3  $ pos $  i bought my canon g3 about a month ago and i have to say i am very satisfied .  but  now there is one more complaint i have about the g3 and that is the software that comes with it for processing raw images ( i only shoot in raw image mode and the first thing i did was replace the 32 mbyte cf with a 512 mbyte cf , which gives me 130 raw images , as opposed to 7 ! 
software  $ neg $  i bought my canon g3 about a month ago and i have to say i am very satisfied .  but  now there is one more complaint i have about the g3 and that is the software that comes with it for processing raw images ( i only shoot in raw image mode and the first thing i did was replace the 32 mbyte cf with a 512 mbyte cf , which gives me 130 raw images , as opposed to 7 ! 
camera  $ pos $  i have only had this camera for one full day and i have to say that it is wonderful .  but  not perfect ( yes , the viewfinder can get obstructed in instances.but the lcd works well enough in those instances ) , not the cheapest 4.0 mp , but the best 4.0 mp . 
viewfinder  $ neg $  i have only had this camera for one full day and i have to say that it is wonderful .  but  not perfect ( yes , the viewfinder can get obstructed in instances.but the lcd works well enough in those instances ) , not the cheapest 4.0 mp , but the best 4.0 mp . 
photo quality  $ pos $  the photo quality is amazing and i know i 'm going to have fun with all the features .  but  about the only legitimate criticsm from the online reviews is that fact that the lens really does obstruct the viewfinder . 
viewfinder  $ neg $  the photo quality is amazing and i know i 'm going to have fun with all the features .  but  about the only legitimate criticsm from the online reviews is that fact that the lens really does obstruct the viewfinder . 
exposure control  $ pos $  1 ) slr like programming and exposure control gives you latitude to be creative , yet its progam and auto exposure settings provide excellent photos if you do n't want to bother with the settings .  but  the catch with the canon g3 camera , ( and perhaps all of digital cameras ) is that its unresponsiveness will cause you to miss precious shots . 
unresponsiveness  $ neg $  1 ) slr like programming and exposure control gives you latitude to be creative , yet its progam and auto exposure settings provide excellent photos if you do n't want to bother with the settings .  but  the catch with the canon g3 camera , ( and perhaps all of digital cameras ) is that its unresponsiveness will cause you to miss precious shots . 
spot metering  $ pos $  it 's great to switch to spot metering and actually see it working on the lcd screen .  but  it feels slow to focus , and unbearably slow to shoot . 
focus  $ neg $  it 's great to switch to spot metering and actually see it working on the lcd screen .  but  it feels slow to focus , and unbearably slow to shoot . 
4mp  $ pos $  2 ) 4mp is about right for the target market of this camera ( semi-serious amateur photographer )  but  unfortunately , this digital moment-capturing device called the g3 sometimes captures the moment after the one you wanted . 
g3  $ neg $  2 ) 4mp is about right for the target market of this camera ( semi-serious amateur photographer )  but  unfortunately , this digital moment-capturing device called the g3 sometimes captures the moment after the one you wanted . 
zoom  $ pos $  3 ) 4x zoom is nice  but  1 ) the included lens cap is very loose on the camera . 
lens cap  $ neg $  3 ) 4x zoom is nice  but  1 ) the included lens cap is very loose on the camera . 
focus  $ pos $  you can move the focus range to almost anywhere in the scene with the push of a button , and it has an on-screen manual focus mode that would be really helpful if shooting a scene that is tough to automatically focus .  but  it had a heavier and more sturdy casing . 
casing  $ neg $  you can move the focus range to almost anywhere in the scene with the push of a button , and it has an on-screen manual focus mode that would be really helpful if shooting a scene that is tough to automatically focus .  but  it had a heavier and more sturdy casing . 
lcd  $ pos $  the lcd screen pulls out and rotates in any direction for easy pictures .  but  one little minor flaw with this camera is that the lens is visible in the viewfinder , but does not detract from the image at all . 
viewfinder  $ neg $  the lcd screen pulls out and rotates in any direction for easy pictures .  but  one little minor flaw with this camera is that the lens is visible in the viewfinder , but does not detract from the image at all . 
optical zoom  $ pos $  the optical zoom works great and the 14x digital zoom is a very nice addition although pictures at the highest digital zoom are a little blurry .  but  ( i knew this before hand , and it is not that bad ) there is no tiff format . 
tiff format  $ neg $  the optical zoom works great and the 14x digital zoom is a very nice addition although pictures at the highest digital zoom are a little blurry .  but  ( i knew this before hand , and it is not that bad ) there is no tiff format . 
software  $ pos $  the canon computer software used to download , sort , upload and manage your digital pictures on the computer is very nice and very easy to use .  but  it seems to me that after the focus and metering are complete there is quite a lag before the shutter ? 
lag  $ neg $  the canon computer software used to download , sort , upload and manage your digital pictures on the computer is very nice and very easy to use .  but  it seems to me that after the focus and metering are complete there is quite a lag before the shutter ? 
camera  $ pos $  it is a fantastic camera and well worth the price .  but  one bad thing is that it comes with a pitiful 32mb compactflash card , and for most purposes , it is not enough . 
compactflash  $ neg $  it is a fantastic camera and well worth the price .  but  one bad thing is that it comes with a pitiful 32mb compactflash card , and for most purposes , it is not enough . 
control  $ pos $  advanced photobugs will find more creative control than imaginable .  but  the zoom lens unit feels fragile and it is worth buying a good camera bag if you are going put to carry it round a lot . 
lens  $ neg $  advanced photobugs will find more creative control than imaginable .  but  the zoom lens unit feels fragile and it is worth buying a good camera bag if you are going put to carry it round a lot . 
auto setting  $ pos $  newbies will find the full auto setting will give them perfect pictures right out of the box .  but  the function lever - the one which switches between capture and view mode feels fragile . 
lever  $ neg $  newbies will find the full auto setting will give them perfect pictures right out of the box .  but  the function lever - the one which switches between capture and view mode feels fragile . 
photo quality  $ pos $  4 megapixels is enough for anybody and the photo quality is awesome .  but  flash - as with all built-in flashes in small cameras , you get overilluminated main subjects with depth being lost . 
flash  $ neg $  4 megapixels is enough for anybody and the photo quality is awesome .  but  flash - as with all built-in flashes in small cameras , you get overilluminated main subjects with depth being lost . 
use  $ pos $  those used to 35mm cameras will find the g3 very comfortable and friendly to use .  but  the strap is horrible and gets in the way of parts of the camera you need access to . 
strap  $ neg $  those used to 35mm cameras will find the g3 very comfortable and friendly to use .  but  the strap is horrible and gets in the way of parts of the camera you need access to . 
zoom  $ pos $  the extended zoom range and faster lense put it at the top of it 's class .  but  yes there is a corner lens barrel distortion ( i do n't like it too but no harm done since i always use the camea lcd screen to see exactly what i 'm going to get ) in the viewfinder when you do n't zoom ( when you zoom the lens distortion goes away ) , canon knows this and engineered it that way to minimize the parallax phenomenon ; that is what lmost exactly ot the picture . 
distortion  $ neg $  the extended zoom range and faster lense put it at the top of it 's class .  but  yes there is a corner lens barrel distortion ( i do n't like it too but no harm done since i always use the camea lcd screen to see exactly what i 'm going to get ) in the viewfinder when you do n't zoom ( when you zoom the lens distortion goes away ) , canon knows this and engineered it that way to minimize the parallax phenomenon ; that is what lmost exactly ot the picture . 
camera  $ pos $  i recommend unreservedly the powershot g3 to any potential buyer looking for a first-class digital camera at a reasonable price - there is no better camera out there - period !  but  to address two previous somewhat negative reviews : ( 1 ) yes , the lens barrel does obstruct part of the lower left corner in the lens viewfinder ; however , the lcd viewfinder is rather stunning and i find myself rarely using the lens viewfinder . 
viewfinder  $ neg $  i recommend unreservedly the powershot g3 to any potential buyer looking for a first-class digital camera at a reasonable price - there is no better camera out there - period !  but  to address two previous somewhat negative reviews : ( 1 ) yes , the lens barrel does obstruct part of the lower left corner in the lens viewfinder ; however , the lcd viewfinder is rather stunning and i find myself rarely using the lens viewfinder . 
camera  $ pos $  this is a great camera for you !  but  this camera has a major design flaw . 
design  $ neg $  this is a great camera for you !  but  this camera has a major design flaw . 
control  $ pos $  the canon g3 gives tons of control for photo buffs but still has an " auto " mode that makes it very easy for the novice to use .  but  and the body / construction in general has quite a bit of plastic , a disappointment after the stainless steel heft of the s330 . 
body  $ neg $  the canon g3 gives tons of control for photo buffs but still has an " auto " mode that makes it very easy for the novice to use .  but  and the body / construction in general has quite a bit of plastic , a disappointment after the stainless steel heft of the s330 . 