camera  $ pos $  I'm in high school, and this camera is perfect for what I use it for, carrying it around in my pocket so I can take pictures whenever I want to, of my friends and of funny things that happen. but  The only thing I don't like is the small size (8 MEG) memory card that comes with it.
memory  $ neg $  I'm in high school, and this camera is perfect for what I use it for, carrying it around in my pocket so I can take pictures whenever I want to, of my friends and of funny things that happen. but  The only thing I don't like is the small size (8 MEG) memory card that comes with it.
compact  $ pos $  OK, not quite everything...but this camera is so compact that you will have it by your side when you need it. but  I have to move pictures off of it every day so I have room for more pictures the next, and I don't have enough money to buy the 256 MEG card that I've had my eye on for a while.
room  $ neg $  OK, not quite everything...but this camera is so compact that you will have it by your side when you need it. but  I have to move pictures off of it every day so I have room for more pictures the next, and I don't have enough money to buy the 256 MEG card that I've had my eye on for a while.
small  $ pos $  it is so small that I am able to keep it in my pocket, and I don't have to fear that it will get ruined in my pocket because it is so durable. but  A larger memory card and extra battery are good things to buy.
memory  $ neg $  it is so small that I am able to keep it in my pocket, and I don't have to fear that it will get ruined in my pocket because it is so durable. but  A larger memory card and extra battery are good things to buy.
covering  $ pos $  There is also a small covering for the lens, so you need not worry that the lens will get scratched. but  Other than that pictures taken in the dark are not as nice as I'd like them,
pictures  $ neg $  There is also a small covering for the lens, so you need not worry that the lens will get scratched. but  Other than that pictures taken in the dark are not as nice as I'd like them,
picture  $ pos $  The picture quality surprised me, when I first saw this camera I saw how small it was an instantly assumed that the picture quality would not be good--but I was wrong! but  Another problem I had with this camera was the zoom function.
zoom  $ neg $  The picture quality surprised me, when I first saw this camera I saw how small it was an instantly assumed that the picture quality would not be good--but I was wrong! but  Another problem I had with this camera was the zoom function.
picture  $ pos $  The picture quality of this camera is outstanding (taking its' size and price into consideration). but  Such a small zoom length that you would think that the zoom would be silent since it hardly zooms in...wrong!
zooms  $ neg $  The picture quality of this camera is outstanding (taking its' size and price into consideration). but  Such a small zoom length that you would think that the zoom would be silent since it hardly zooms in...wrong!
camera  $ pos $  If you are just looking for something to keep with you at all times, then this is a great camera choice. but  The zoom function on this camera is so loud that sometimes you will be unable to use it if you find yourself in a situation where you must be quiet.
zoom  $ neg $  If you are just looking for something to keep with you at all times, then this is a great camera choice. but  The zoom function on this camera is so loud that sometimes you will be unable to use it if you find yourself in a situation where you must be quiet.
small  $ pos $  This wonderfully small digital camera produces fantastically good pictures printed on any decent photo-quality printer (with photo quality paper). but  The last problem I found with this camera was the macro function.
macro  $ neg $  This wonderfully small digital camera produces fantastically good pictures printed on any decent photo-quality printer (with photo quality paper). but  The last problem I found with this camera was the macro function.
camera  $ pos $  This IS the best camera you can have for digital images if you want to: but  The auto-focus on the camera seems to have trouble focusing on the subject.
auto-focus  $ neg $  This IS the best camera you can have for digital images if you want to: but  The auto-focus on the camera seems to have trouble focusing on the subject.
pictures  $ pos $  Take quick pictures with excelent resolution but  I find it a bit difficult to manage the very tiny buttons and impossible to read the icons without my reading glasses on.
buttons  $ neg $  Take quick pictures with excelent resolution but  I find it a bit difficult to manage the very tiny buttons and impossible to read the icons without my reading glasses on.
wait  $ pos $  Hate to wait between shots but  Its size makes holding it steady for long a bit of a challenge (not enough camera body to grip with more than your finger tips).
size  $ neg $  Hate to wait between shots but  Its size makes holding it steady for long a bit of a challenge (not enough camera body to grip with more than your finger tips).
Download  $ pos $  Download it fast to your computer but  2) The delay from the time you fully depress the shutter to the time the picture is taken is too long and may yield some fuzzy shots. 
delay  $ neg $  Download it fast to your computer but  2) The delay from the time you fully depress the shutter to the time the picture is taken is too long and may yield some fuzzy shots. 
Battery  $ pos $  FYI, Battery doesn't die if you don't use LCD but  This is due to the unusually slow autofocus system.
autofocus  $ neg $  FYI, Battery doesn't die if you don't use LCD but  This is due to the unusually slow autofocus system.
color and light  $ pos $  The color and light I captured with this camera on a 12-day trip to Turkey (gorgeous vividly colored ceramic tiles inside darkened mosques) were far superior to anything I've ever gotten with a traditional 35-mm film camera. but  4) The camera gets really hot when you are busy snapping away.
hot  $ neg $  The color and light I captured with this camera on a 12-day trip to Turkey (gorgeous vividly colored ceramic tiles inside darkened mosques) were far superior to anything I've ever gotten with a traditional 35-mm film camera. but  4) The camera gets really hot when you are busy snapping away.
camera  $ pos $  I don't believe this camera is still available. But if you can find one, you might like to get it. but  It is hot enough to be annoying.
hot  $ neg $  I don't believe this camera is still available. But if you can find one, you might like to get it. but  It is hot enough to be annoying.
camera  $ pos $  This camera is great if you're used to a high-end SLR. but  It's still one of the smallest 2MP digital cameras on the market, and absolutely one of the best-built most stylish cameras ever.
smallest  $ neg $  This camera is great if you're used to a high-end SLR. but  It's still one of the smallest 2MP digital cameras on the market, and absolutely one of the best-built most stylish cameras ever.
Exposure  $ pos $  Exposure compensation in 1/3 stop increments (I leave it set on +1/3 stop to brighten up the default exposure, which goes a bit dark for my taste). but  All the camera's functionality is only available (or selectable) when the screen is functional.
functionality  $ neg $  Exposure compensation in 1/3 stop increments (I leave it set on +1/3 stop to brighten up the default exposure, which goes a bit dark for my taste). but  All the camera's functionality is only available (or selectable) when the screen is functional.
body  $ pos $  It's the same body as the popular ELP2 APS camera (take a look at a standard credit card from your wallet and you'll have an idea of the front profile!). but  When the screen stops working, you're out of luck !
screen  $ neg $  It's the same body as the popular ELP2 APS camera (take a look at a standard credit card from your wallet and you'll have an idea of the front profile!). but  When the screen stops working, you're out of luck !
manual mode  $ pos $  I discovered that the camera has a manual mode that gives you total control over exposure, white balance, flash (red eye, person against bright background, flash on, flash off, flash automatic). but  The viewfinder does not accurately represent the pucture being taken.
viewfinder  $ neg $  I discovered that the camera has a manual mode that gives you total control over exposure, white balance, flash (red eye, person against bright background, flash on, flash off, flash automatic). but  The viewfinder does not accurately represent the pucture being taken.
pictures  $ pos $  But it takes gorgeous pictures for a 2.1 MP camera.
pictures  $ neg $  The pictures are a little dark sometimes.
price  $ pos $  I got this camera for an unbelievably low price at amazon. but  I originally gave this camera 5 stars. When I had Windows 98 it was wonderful but I got a new computer last November with XP the usb software is Sooo... not compatible with XP
software  $ neg $  I got this camera for an unbelievably low price at amazon. but  I originally gave this camera 5 stars. When I had Windows 98 it was wonderful but I got a new computer last November with XP the usb software is Sooo... not compatible with XP
camera  $ pos $  I would recommend this camera unequivocally! but  The Adobe software also was wonderful in 98 but it will not let you print correctly with XP so you are forced to create your document then either print it from Windows or export it to another application.
software  $ neg $  I would recommend this camera unequivocally! but  The Adobe software also was wonderful in 98 but it will not let you print correctly with XP so you are forced to create your document then either print it from Windows or export it to another application.
camera  $ pos $  I got this camera for an unbelievably low price at amazon. but   the only thing I don't like about it is that You have to buy a larger memory card, first thing!
memory  $ neg $  I got this camera for an unbelievably low price at amazon. but   the only thing I don't like about it is that You have to buy a larger memory card, first thing!
camera  $ pos $  I would recommend this camera unequivocally! but  My only complaint and the reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is that the on-camera controls aren't as intuitive as they should be.
on-camera controls  $ neg $  I would recommend this camera unequivocally! but  My only complaint and the reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is that the on-camera controls aren't as intuitive as they should be.
battery  $ pos $  But this DOES work even if you turn off the LCD viewing -- great  battery saver. but  I've often struggled to get something to work the way I want it, and hate to have to carry the manual with me all the time!
work  $ neg $  But this DOES work even if you turn off the LCD viewing -- great  battery saver. but  I've often struggled to get something to work the way I want it, and hate to have to carry the manual with me all the time!
exposure  $ pos $  The camera does a great job with exposure and prints made with my professional printer looks great (not as good as prints from my pro digital camera, but still VERY good). but  All that said, I am a little disappointed with the quality of the pictures from the camera.
pictures  $ neg $  The camera does a great job with exposure and prints made with my professional printer looks great (not as good as prints from my pro digital camera, but still VERY good). but  All that said, I am a little disappointed with the quality of the pictures from the camera.
smaller  $ pos $  But I was ready to upgrade and when I discovered that Canon  was going to come out with an even smaller digital camera with a higher  resolution, I had to have the S100. but  I'd give it  5 stars if the automatic modes were better and if there were true manual focus and exposure modes.
automatic modes  $ neg $  But I was ready to upgrade and when I discovered that Canon  was going to come out with an even smaller digital camera with a higher  resolution, I had to have the S100. but  I'd give it  5 stars if the automatic modes were better and if there were true manual focus and exposure modes.
S100  $ pos $  This is my second digital camera, but I'm much more impressed with the Canon S100 Digital Elph than I EVER was with my Kodak DC240. but  The auto color balance is often fooled by dense clouds.
auto color balance  $ neg $  This is my second digital camera, but I'm much more impressed with the Canon S100 Digital Elph than I EVER was with my Kodak DC240. but  The auto color balance is often fooled by dense clouds.
light  $ pos $  This camera is so light and tiny that I literally carry it everywhere with me, which is great considering I'm an artist and like to capture interesting items for future painting. but  The dynamic range seems not quite as good as the Kodak DC260.
dynamic range  $ neg $  This camera is so light and tiny that I literally carry it everywhere with me, which is great considering I'm an artist and like to capture interesting items for future painting. but  The dynamic range seems not quite as good as the Kodak DC260.
software  $ pos $  The software that comes with the Digital Elph is very nice and intuitive. but  Sometimes the pictures are onthe dark side, but I'm able to fix that using the Photoshop 6.0 "adjust levels" function ... not sure how a person would do that without Photoshop, though.
pictures  $ neg $  The software that comes with the Digital Elph is very nice and intuitive. but  Sometimes the pictures are onthe dark side, but I'm able to fix that using the Photoshop 6.0 "adjust levels" function ... not sure how a person would do that without Photoshop, though.