sound  $ pos $  SOUND QUALITY: The iPod's sound quality is pretty good. but    DURABILITY: Not good. First problem, if you haven't seen the news recently, the iPods are being recalled for battery problems and not lasting the advertised 18 months.
battery  $ neg $  SOUND QUALITY: The iPod's sound quality is pretty good. but    DURABILITY: Not good. First problem, if you haven't seen the news recently, the iPods are being recalled for battery problems and not lasting the advertised 18 months.
use  $ pos $    EASE OF USE/DESIGN: The iPod is a very easy to use MP3 player, and if you can't figure this out, you shouldn't even own one. but   Another thing you should know, the metal on the flip side of the iPod is very tacky, and scratches very easily.
flip side  $ neg $    EASE OF USE/DESIGN: The iPod is a very easy to use MP3 player, and if you can't figure this out, you shouldn't even own one. but   Another thing you should know, the metal on the flip side of the iPod is very tacky, and scratches very easily.
Ipod  $ pos $  The Ipod is a fine cousin to the early macs and current offerings from Jobs and Company.  but  There is no FM tuner, while there is no FM tuner on the Creative Zen (on the micro version of the Zen there is a tuner), the iRiver H10-20GB, the Rio Karma, and the iAudio X5 have FM tuners. 
FM tuner  $ neg $  The Ipod is a fine cousin to the early macs and current offerings from Jobs and Company.  but  There is no FM tuner, while there is no FM tuner on the Creative Zen (on the micro version of the Zen there is a tuner), the iRiver H10-20GB, the Rio Karma, and the iAudio X5 have FM tuners. 
ipod  $ pos $  I have an ipod and it is a great buy.  but  I'm probably the only person that dislikes the iTunes software. 
iTunes  $ neg $  I have an ipod and it is a great buy.  but  I'm probably the only person that dislikes the iTunes software. 
sturdy  $ pos $   Very sturdy and strong. but   There technical service isn't helpful either; they just read what's on their website and charge you 
technical service  $ neg $   Very sturdy and strong. but   There technical service isn't helpful either; they just read what's on their website and charge you 
Battery life  $ pos $   Battery life keeps improving on the iPod, and a new iPod will give you up to twelve hours of play time, per charge.  but   Doesn't have alot of good games on it.
games  $ neg $   Battery life keeps improving on the iPod, and a new iPod will give you up to twelve hours of play time, per charge.  but   Doesn't have alot of good games on it.
photos  $ pos $  I loaded a lot of photos into it and they display very clearly for such a small screen and, very importantly, the transition from one photo to the next is instantaneous.  but  iPod is brilliant, but service was awful
iPod  $ neg $  I loaded a lot of photos into it and they display very clearly for such a small screen and, very importantly, the transition from one photo to the next is instantaneous.  but  iPod is brilliant, but service was awful
Hard Drive  $ pos $   Pros: Large Hard Drive for the  but  but I had to give you four because the service for my brand-new iPod was terribly slow.
service  $ neg $   Pros: Large Hard Drive for the  but  but I had to give you four because the service for my brand-new iPod was terribly slow.
FireWire  $ pos $   FireWire & USB2.0-- For those fortunate enough to have FireWire400, your in for a real treat with autosync. but  The battery issue is superficially a concern, but any reasonable solder-jockey (such as myself :-) can pop in a new one when the time comes (based upon the plentiful info gained from a google for 'ipod battery replacement').   
battery  $ neg $   FireWire & USB2.0-- For those fortunate enough to have FireWire400, your in for a real treat with autosync. but  The battery issue is superficially a concern, but any reasonable solder-jockey (such as myself :-) can pop in a new one when the time comes (based upon the plentiful info gained from a google for 'ipod battery replacement').   
Overall  $ pos $    Comments: Overall this is still a great value, but is kind of overrated in the sense that there are beater deals on the market. but   *The ipod is overly sensitive to just about everything and gets scratched easily. 
sensitive  $ neg $    Comments: Overall this is still a great value, but is kind of overrated in the sense that there are beater deals on the market. but   *The ipod is overly sensitive to just about everything and gets scratched easily. 
Versatile  $ pos $  Versatile and stylish.          but  My ipod freezes occasionally, which is especially annoying when you're in the middle of a game of "brick." *
freezes  $ neg $  Versatile and stylish.          but  My ipod freezes occasionally, which is especially annoying when you're in the middle of a game of "brick." *
controls  $ pos $  The controls and the menus are clearly displayed and easily fathomed   but   The user support service isn't too great either.  
support service  $ neg $  The controls and the menus are clearly displayed and easily fathomed   but   The user support service isn't too great either.  
iPod  $ pos $   The iPod is a very nice product, which given reasonable care, should give a lot of service.       but   The iPod comes formatted for the Mac, but within seconds of plugging it into a PC, is automatically reformatted for Windows.  (The HP version comes with Windows formatting, and takes seconds to change to Mac.) Although the iPod can be changed from one format to another, you will lose all of your music and data when doing so. 
reformatted  $ neg $   The iPod is a very nice product, which given reasonable care, should give a lot of service.       but   The iPod comes formatted for the Mac, but within seconds of plugging it into a PC, is automatically reformatted for Windows.  (The HP version comes with Windows formatting, and takes seconds to change to Mac.) Although the iPod can be changed from one format to another, you will lose all of your music and data when doing so. 
interface  $ pos $  Other than the fact that one can't delete a file directly from the iPod, the interface is excellent and mind-numbingly simple to use.   but   Its steel backing picks up fingerprints and scratches easily, not great from a cosmetic standpoint.  
steel backing  $ neg $  Other than the fact that one can't delete a file directly from the iPod, the interface is excellent and mind-numbingly simple to use.   but   Its steel backing picks up fingerprints and scratches easily, not great from a cosmetic standpoint.  
iPod  $ pos $   In conclusion, I gave the iPod a 4/5 because anything this expensive should would work just about flawlessly. but    The weight is heavier than many digital players, but I like the solid feel. 
weight  $ neg $   In conclusion, I gave the iPod a 4/5 because anything this expensive should would work just about flawlessly. but    The weight is heavier than many digital players, but I like the solid feel. 
iPod  $ pos $  Everything I Wanted! The Apple iPod has become one of the most sought-after electronic gadgets - and for good reason. but  Holy cow! It really does scratch easily!        
scratch  $ neg $  Everything I Wanted! The Apple iPod has become one of the most sought-after electronic gadgets - and for good reason. but  Holy cow! It really does scratch easily!        
wheel  $ pos $   Features: click wheel to navigate; ability to work with Windows or Mac; optional backlighting (you can have it on all the time, or have it shut off to save battery power after 5, 10, or 20 seconds); ability to download PDA info; automatic or manual download from iTunes when iPod is plugged into your computer.  but  Apple closed their island to anything that resembled Microsoft, and clearly let Napster know it could not use their products with Napster's services. 
Apple  $ neg $   Features: click wheel to navigate; ability to work with Windows or Mac; optional backlighting (you can have it on all the time, or have it shut off to save battery power after 5, 10, or 20 seconds); ability to download PDA info; automatic or manual download from iTunes when iPod is plugged into your computer.  but  Apple closed their island to anything that resembled Microsoft, and clearly let Napster know it could not use their products with Napster's services. 
ITunes  $ pos $  ITunes can be downloaded from the enclosed CD or for free from the Apple site.     but    My only complaint (really more of an observation) is that the outside finish of the iPod is rather delicate, so I am going to get a case for mine so it doesn't get all scratched up. 
outside finish  $ neg $  ITunes can be downloaded from the enclosed CD or for free from the Apple site.     but    My only complaint (really more of an observation) is that the outside finish of the iPod is rather delicate, so I am going to get a case for mine so it doesn't get all scratched up. 
Apple  $ pos $    Apple has definately fulfilled its reputation in making quality equipment, and surprisingly wasn't as expensive as its reputation normally holds.   but   As with most headphones that come with any type of music player,I recommend throwing these into the nearest river, unless you like having hard, round pieces of plastic in your ears. 
headphones  $ neg $    Apple has definately fulfilled its reputation in making quality equipment, and surprisingly wasn't as expensive as its reputation normally holds.   but   As with most headphones that come with any type of music player,I recommend throwing these into the nearest river, unless you like having hard, round pieces of plastic in your ears. 
iPod  $ pos $  Finally, compare the iPod to other players on a cost/Gb, and also consider ease of use.  but   Maybe this new design is more durable than the last, but I kind of doubt it.  
design  $ neg $  Finally, compare the iPod to other players on a cost/Gb, and also consider ease of use.  but   Maybe this new design is more durable than the last, but I kind of doubt it.  
iPod  $ pos $  The iPod is not overpriced compared to the market. but   We can start by losing the shiny miracle-material cover that you can literally scratch just by looking at it wrong, and thus eliminate the need for third-party "iSkin" protective covers for an extra thirty bucks.
scratch  $ neg $  The iPod is not overpriced compared to the market. but   We can start by losing the shiny miracle-material cover that you can literally scratch just by looking at it wrong, and thus eliminate the need for third-party "iSkin" protective covers for an extra thirty bucks.
purchase  $ pos $  This is the best purchase I've made in a very long time. but    Cons Breaks easily. 
Breaks  $ neg $  This is the best purchase I've made in a very long time. but    Cons Breaks easily. 
sound  $ pos $  The sound is INCREDIBLE; very clean, very wide dynamic range of bass, mids and highs, and can be very loud if I turn it up full blast. but  Hard drive screws up occasionally
Hard drive  $ neg $  The sound is INCREDIBLE; very clean, very wide dynamic range of bass, mids and highs, and can be very loud if I turn it up full blast. but  Hard drive screws up occasionally
Versatile  $ pos $  The Great And Versatile iPod         I love my iPod!  but  The I-Pod is the best thing I have ever used. 
I-Pod  $ neg $  The Great And Versatile iPod         I love my iPod!  but  The I-Pod is the best thing I have ever used. 
sound  $ pos $   The sound quality is excellent, accessing the music is easy, and the controls are generally well thought out.  but  This is only a problem at night, during the day the screen is very easy to see. 
screen  $ neg $   The sound quality is excellent, accessing the music is easy, and the controls are generally well thought out.  but  This is only a problem at night, during the day the screen is very easy to see. 
iPod  $ pos $   I still give the iPod five stars, though, as it could have been something I did incorrectly during the install (though I did follow the onscreen prompts) so I'll give Apple the benefit of the doubt. but   The only problem is the battery life.
battery  $ neg $   I still give the iPod five stars, though, as it could have been something I did incorrectly during the install (though I did follow the onscreen prompts) so I'll give Apple the benefit of the doubt. but   The only problem is the battery life.