sound  $ pos $  All of this said [as it's on it's way back to Amazon], the one song it did include provided far better sound than the IPOD.  but  After attempting to navigate the clumsy touch-pad system, I could not get the unit to download my wma files. 
touch-pad  $ neg $  All of this said [as it's on it's way back to Amazon], the one song it did include provided far better sound than the IPOD.  but  After attempting to navigate the clumsy touch-pad system, I could not get the unit to download my wma files. 
machine  $ pos $  what a kick butt Mp3 machine and the freedom to get songs from a reasonable source, instead of paying for them two or three times, then get the Creative Zen IPOD killer, kiss my ass Itunes! but  Most of us just want to plug and play, not spend a year navigating a maze of complicated options...like transfering everything on a hard drive to this stupid thing.
navigating  $ neg $  what a kick butt Mp3 machine and the freedom to get songs from a reasonable source, instead of paying for them two or three times, then get the Creative Zen IPOD killer, kiss my ass Itunes! but  Most of us just want to plug and play, not spend a year navigating a maze of complicated options...like transfering everything on a hard drive to this stupid thing.
sound  $ pos $  The sound is great, the portability, etc... all the "stuff" you expect from a good MP-3 player, this Zen Micro has it.  but  Unfortunately, the touch-pad issues [non-intuitive] and poor instruction guide killed it. 
touch-pad  $ neg $  The sound is great, the portability, etc... all the "stuff" you expect from a good MP-3 player, this Zen Micro has it.  but  Unfortunately, the touch-pad issues [non-intuitive] and poor instruction guide killed it. 
rechargeable battery  $ pos $  Creative did well on its rechargeable battery feature. . but  This one is particularly bothersome: Allegedly one can use the Zen Micro as a portable drive to store and transport data from one computer to another.
Zen Micro  $ neg $  Creative did well on its rechargeable battery feature. . but  This one is particularly bothersome: Allegedly one can use the Zen Micro as a portable drive to store and transport data from one computer to another.
Zen Micro  $ pos $  Well, I have an Ipod mini - and I really like it, but all in all, I like the Zen Micro more. but  Who wants to go through the hassles of loading software onto a "foreign" computer just to move over some simple (*.txt) files?  
software  $ neg $  Well, I have an Ipod mini - and I really like it, but all in all, I like the Zen Micro more. but  Who wants to go through the hassles of loading software onto a "foreign" computer just to move over some simple (*.txt) files?  
small  $ pos $  I love how small the thing is, and the blue glow - I've had it for two weeks with no electronic problems at all.   but  ) WORST FEATURE POSSIBLE, THIS ALONE MAKES IT RATE ONE STAR: What's up with no recharge cord? 
FEATURE  $ neg $  I love how small the thing is, and the blue glow - I've had it for two weeks with no electronic problems at all.   but  ) WORST FEATURE POSSIBLE, THIS ALONE MAKES IT RATE ONE STAR: What's up with no recharge cord? 
Media Source  $ pos $  Creative Media Source is very easy to use once you get the hang of it, and the file transfers are fast.   but  I have trashed this product on other opinion sites based on this major flaw alone. 
product  $ neg $  Creative Media Source is very easy to use once you get the hang of it, and the file transfers are fast.   but  I have trashed this product on other opinion sites based on this major flaw alone. 
player  $ pos $  This is the mp3 player with everything I need.  As long as it lasts me a good three years, I'm satisfied.         but  IRiver has a better FM receiver built in, but the drawback to IRiver products is they are flimsy and poorly constructed. 
FM receiver  $ neg $  This is the mp3 player with everything I need.  As long as it lasts me a good three years, I'm satisfied.         but  IRiver has a better FM receiver built in, but the drawback to IRiver products is they are flimsy and poorly constructed. 
small  $ pos $  Upon opening the box I was confronted with this small cute little MP3 player.  but  As I wrote, this COULD have been a great product, but expect hidden charges (read gross profiteering and price gouging) as the company royally sticks you on every conceivable accessory necessary for normal daily usage.     
charges  $ neg $  Upon opening the box I was confronted with this small cute little MP3 player.  but  As I wrote, this COULD have been a great product, but expect hidden charges (read gross profiteering and price gouging) as the company royally sticks you on every conceivable accessory necessary for normal daily usage.     
installation  $ pos $  The software included is an easy installation and you have the option of using the Creative software, Windows Media Player 10, or simply Windows Explorer to move music back and forth between your Zen Touch.  but  The touchpad is annoying sometimes (give me the click-wheel and pressable buttons any day), but not at all as difficult to get over as other people are saying.
touchpad  $ neg $  The software included is an easy installation and you have the option of using the Creative software, Windows Media Player 10, or simply Windows Explorer to move music back and forth between your Zen Touch.  but  The touchpad is annoying sometimes (give me the click-wheel and pressable buttons any day), but not at all as difficult to get over as other people are saying.
looks  $ pos $  It's cute as anything and the glowing blue LED looks super cool around the edges.  but  The player itself is tiny , it gets a bit bulky when you put it in the hardcase, which you need to do if you don't want to get scrathes on the back(its a nice looking back too ). 
tiny  $ neg $  It's cute as anything and the glowing blue LED looks super cool around the edges.  but  The player itself is tiny , it gets a bit bulky when you put it in the hardcase, which you need to do if you don't want to get scrathes on the back(its a nice looking back too ). 
player  $ pos $  I've had this player for more than 4 months and I'm very happy with it.  but  Software The software that comes along with it is not very intuitive but once you are used to it,it  does the job well. 
software  $ neg $  I've had this player for more than 4 months and I'm very happy with it.  but  Software The software that comes along with it is not very intuitive but once you are used to it,it  does the job well. 
Speakers  $ pos $  1 Speakers at home, I rarely use it with the earbuds, though they are much better than the ones you normally get with other mp3 players.   but  Second might be a problem I might have with my PC but not too sure, when the player is connected on the USB and I start playing on it and also using the windows explorer, it sometimes pauses by itself and tries to synchronise with the PC during play, which is a bit irritating.     
USB  $ neg $  1 Speakers at home, I rarely use it with the earbuds, though they are much better than the ones you normally get with other mp3 players.   but  Second might be a problem I might have with my PC but not too sure, when the player is connected on the USB and I start playing on it and also using the windows explorer, it sometimes pauses by itself and tries to synchronise with the PC during play, which is a bit irritating.     
Look  $ pos $  The Look & Feel: I have the black one and the contrasting neon blue on the buttons add a very nice ambience.  but  HOWEVER after just one month my headphone jack was BROKEN as a result of normal, every-day use.  
headphone jack  $ neg $  The Look & Feel: I have the black one and the contrasting neon blue on the buttons add a very nice ambience.  but  HOWEVER after just one month my headphone jack was BROKEN as a result of normal, every-day use.  
feels  $ pos $  It feels tiny in the hand without it.  but  the headphones are not very comfortable, but most people have a certain style they like so just go buy new ones or keep the ones you have.  
headphones  $ neg $  It feels tiny in the hand without it.  but  the headphones are not very comfortable, but most people have a certain style they like so just go buy new ones or keep the ones you have.  
stand  $ pos $  The stand that comes with it is very useful to prop it up on the desk.  but  The Creative MediaSource software that comes with the Zen Micro is cluttered, and excludes my favorite feature in iTunes, the ability to automatically copy everything you import into a certain folder. 
software  $ neg $  The stand that comes with it is very useful to prop it up on the desk.  but  The Creative MediaSource software that comes with the Zen Micro is cluttered, and excludes my favorite feature in iTunes, the ability to automatically copy everything you import into a certain folder. 
looks  $ pos $  The blue backlit LCD looks really neat and is easy to read.  but  NAGATIVES of the Player itself:  You need to do a little work before having full enjoyement of this player.  
Player  $ neg $  The blue backlit LCD looks really neat and is easy to read.  but  NAGATIVES of the Player itself:  You need to do a little work before having full enjoyement of this player.  
Build  $ pos $  Reliability & Build  I dropped the player once from about 4 ft, and it fell hard, but kept on playing.  but  This fixes some glitches such as the player freezing.    
player  $ neg $  Reliability & Build  I dropped the player once from about 4 ft, and it fell hard, but kept on playing.  but  This fixes some glitches such as the player freezing.    
hardcase  $ pos $  The hardcase they give with it must work well.   but   Problems with the sound quality were evident right away, but even I couldn't imagine they'd be that bad. 
sound  $ neg $  The hardcase they give with it must work well.   but   Problems with the sound quality were evident right away, but even I couldn't imagine they'd be that bad. 
solid  $ pos $  It feels solid and not flimsy like the carbon.   but  The eq is awful, and even at top volumes, the bass is flat sounding. 
eq  $ neg $  It feels solid and not flimsy like the carbon.   but  The eq is awful, and even at top volumes, the bass is flat sounding. 
sound  $ pos $  Sound  I'm no audiophile but I was amazed by the clarity the player had, it was much better than the sound card on my Computer and louder too.  but  My friend has an ipod, and although the sound quality probably won't meet most audiophile standards, the product itself is better than anything creative has made.
creative  $ neg $  Sound  I'm no audiophile but I was amazed by the clarity the player had, it was much better than the sound card on my Computer and louder too.  but  My friend has an ipod, and although the sound quality probably won't meet most audiophile standards, the product itself is better than anything creative has made.
sound  $ pos $  Best of all the WMAs(I have a lot of them) sound great.   but  The only reason for not giving it 5 stars: the claimed battery life of 12 hours is very optimistic - possible maybe if you really sit down and listen continuously for 12 hours without ever touching the player, but in real life I can probably get 6-8 hours at most. 
battery life  $ neg $  Best of all the WMAs(I have a lot of them) sound great.   but  The only reason for not giving it 5 stars: the claimed battery life of 12 hours is very optimistic - possible maybe if you really sit down and listen continuously for 12 hours without ever touching the player, but in real life I can probably get 6-8 hours at most. 
recorded  $ pos $  The songs recorded with FM are as good as the original signal.  but  Limitations: - Not a lot of original accessories like the iPod. 
accessories  $ neg $  The songs recorded with FM are as good as the original signal.  but  Limitations: - Not a lot of original accessories like the iPod. 
playlists  $ pos $  Creating and modifying playlists is easy and clean.   but  I dont use the belt clip cuz it fails to hold the player securely (design problem). 
belt clip  $ neg $  Creating and modifying playlists is easy and clean.   but  I dont use the belt clip cuz it fails to hold the player securely (design problem). 
creative zen  $ pos $  I think that for its price compared to the ipod the creative zen is pretty good.   but  You get a USB cable headphones, a pouch, software except headphones you will like every thing else.  
headphones  $ neg $  I think that for its price compared to the ipod the creative zen is pretty good.   but  You get a USB cable headphones, a pouch, software except headphones you will like every thing else.  
support  $ pos $  The good news is that the creative support is very responsive and after some emails and postal exchanges, i had a new zen.   but  The karma doesn't look as sexy but it's interface is very efficiently designed.  
look  $ neg $  The good news is that the creative support is very responsive and after some emails and postal exchanges, i had a new zen.   but  The karma doesn't look as sexy but it's interface is very efficiently designed.  
price  $ pos $  all-in-all, its good enough for its price as long as it doesnt break again due to normal use.        but  It seems like the software is just not responding. 
software  $ neg $  all-in-all, its good enough for its price as long as it doesnt break again due to normal use.        but  It seems like the software is just not responding. 
looks  $ pos $  The player looks SO much better when you're actually holding it.  but  The support has been less than impressive, considering the cost. 
support  $ neg $  The player looks SO much better when you're actually holding it.  but  The support has been less than impressive, considering the cost. 
back  $ pos $  The back of the player is nice too, with water ripples inside the clear white coating.   but  While the software may not be as easy as I-Tunes, it is not difficult to use by any stretch. 
software  $ neg $  The back of the player is nice too, with water ripples inside the clear white coating.   but  While the software may not be as easy as I-Tunes, it is not difficult to use by any stretch. 
storage  $ pos $  You can use it as a storage Hard Drive.     but  It had issues right off the bat, with freezing up, staying in 'SHUTTING DOWN' mode, and just not functioning very well in general. 
functioning  $ neg $  You can use it as a storage Hard Drive.     but  It had issues right off the bat, with freezing up, staying in 'SHUTTING DOWN' mode, and just not functioning very well in general. 
iTunes  $ pos $  I have no problem using iTunes with the Zen Micro (in a makeshift sorta way).    but  I've since replaced it with a pair of black Sennheisers... Not only are the packaged earbuds pretty uncomfortable, but are too similar to iPod's and can target iPod theives here in NYC. 
earbuds  $ neg $  I have no problem using iTunes with the Zen Micro (in a makeshift sorta way).    but  I've since replaced it with a pair of black Sennheisers... Not only are the packaged earbuds pretty uncomfortable, but are too similar to iPod's and can target iPod theives here in NYC. 
format  $ pos $  Also, the WMA compression format is superior to MP3, especially at lower bit rates, so I needed a player that could handle WMA and integrate well with my Windows XP computers.   but  00% good though, and the Zen does have a few drawbacks. 
Zen  $ neg $  Also, the WMA compression format is superior to MP3, especially at lower bit rates, so I needed a player that could handle WMA and integrate well with my Windows XP computers.   but  00% good though, and the Zen does have a few drawbacks. 
accessories  $ pos $  I was fortunate to get the packaging that still included all the accessories (desk stand/hard case, belt clip, wall charger, etc).  but  Well, I got my second player, and right out of the box it wasn't working right and once again, after consulting customer se!
working  $ neg $  I was fortunate to get the packaging that still included all the accessories (desk stand/hard case, belt clip, wall charger, etc).  but  Well, I got my second player, and right out of the box it wasn't working right and once again, after consulting customer se!
features  $ pos $  The Micro has an impressive array of very nice features and a well designed user interface.  but  The little bag it comes with is cheap and useless.  
bag  $ neg $  The Micro has an impressive array of very nice features and a well designed user interface.  but  The little bag it comes with is cheap and useless.  
backlight  $ pos $  The blue backlight is pretty cool.  but  It barely holds anything and mine just puts a bunch of thread fuzzies all over the player, because the bag is cheap and seems to be coming apart.  
bag  $ neg $  The blue backlight is pretty cool.  but  It barely holds anything and mine just puts a bunch of thread fuzzies all over the player, because the bag is cheap and seems to be coming apart.  
screen  $ pos $  The screen is clear and readable, and the touch pad works very well, it took me less than a day to get the hang of it, and now I like it better than having to click buttons or fiddle with a separate volume control.   but  Also, the earbuds that came with it sound great but are uncomfortable (although my wife didn't have a problem), so I bought a pair of over-the-ear headphones.  
earbuds  $ neg $  The screen is clear and readable, and the touch pad works very well, it took me less than a day to get the hang of it, and now I like it better than having to click buttons or fiddle with a separate volume control.   but  Also, the earbuds that came with it sound great but are uncomfortable (although my wife didn't have a problem), so I bought a pair of over-the-ear headphones.  
player  $ pos $  I have not yet used all the features, like the calendar, etc, but as a music player this little thing rocks.   but  Of course one of the first things I did was write an email to the customer support at Creative, through their website, and by the time they finally got back to me - several working days later when they promise only one - their suggestions were completely worthless. 
customer support  $ neg $  I have not yet used all the features, like the calendar, etc, but as a music player this little thing rocks.   but  Of course one of the first things I did was write an email to the customer support at Creative, through their website, and by the time they finally got back to me - several working days later when they promise only one - their suggestions were completely worthless. 
player  $ pos $  Don't worry this player rocks.   but  Putting the Micro into your pocket could trigger just about anything (unless the hold feature is improved: it asks if you want to "unhold" for every button up press) Second, I'm worried about the durability of the player. 
durability  $ neg $  Don't worry this player rocks.   but  Putting the Micro into your pocket could trigger just about anything (unless the hold feature is improved: it asks if you want to "unhold" for every button up press) Second, I'm worried about the durability of the player. 
casing  $ pos $  It has a cardboard slip cover with a nice layered box casing inside.   but  Last, i find the price a bit expensive for a product such as this. 
price  $ neg $  It has a cardboard slip cover with a nice layered box casing inside.   but  Last, i find the price a bit expensive for a product such as this. 
case  $ pos $  A distinct IPod relation is evident with white colored cables, power plug and the very nice Zen case with a white rubber inside covering.   but  A lot of people are having problems with the firmware update required to use the player for Napster to Go.. The firmware is beta and they are are a lot of bugs in it. 
firmware  $ neg $  A distinct IPod relation is evident with white colored cables, power plug and the very nice Zen case with a white rubber inside covering.   but  A lot of people are having problems with the firmware update required to use the player for Napster to Go.. The firmware is beta and they are are a lot of bugs in it. 
functionality  $ pos $  Creative has put a lot of effort into making this player appeal to those true geeks that search for coolness and functionality in electronic devices.  but  The headphones which came with it are mediocre at best but what can you expect from a set of "ear buds".  
headphones  $ neg $  Creative has put a lot of effort into making this player appeal to those true geeks that search for coolness and functionality in electronic devices.  but  The headphones which came with it are mediocre at best but what can you expect from a set of "ear buds".  
player  $ pos $  I was more excited about this player upon opening than I was about the Nomad.   but  I sent Creative customer service 3 emails in which they did not help me one bit and don't seem to even want to help.  
customer service  $ neg $  I was more excited about this player upon opening than I was about the Nomad.   but  I sent Creative customer service 3 emails in which they did not help me one bit and don't seem to even want to help.  
interface  $ pos $  The interface works great.   but  But, the Creative Zen Micro is plagued by a serious, serious stupid and elemenatary design flaw, and I'm going to tell you what it is...But first, two more things about this piece of garbage that's so great and could've made it a potenial IPOD killer.         
design  $ neg $  The interface works great.   but  But, the Creative Zen Micro is plagued by a serious, serious stupid and elemenatary design flaw, and I'm going to tell you what it is...But first, two more things about this piece of garbage that's so great and could've made it a potenial IPOD killer.         
audio quality  $ pos $  The Zen lives up to the audio quality I love and expect.   but  But, all of this means nothing, because of the serious, serious, stupid and ridiculously elemenatary design flaw: After 3 months, give or take a few weeks, you won't be able to hear anything. 
design  $ neg $  The Zen lives up to the audio quality I love and expect.   but  But, all of this means nothing, because of the serious, serious, stupid and ridiculously elemenatary design flaw: After 3 months, give or take a few weeks, you won't be able to hear anything. 
headphones  $ pos $  The Earbuds are great headphones as good as my AGK Studio 240, well not as good but darn close.   but  The flaw is in the circuit board that the headphone jack is connected to. 
headphone jack  $ neg $  The Earbuds are great headphones as good as my AGK Studio 240, well not as good but darn close.   but  The flaw is in the circuit board that the headphone jack is connected to. 
Zen  $ pos $  The Zen was an impressive purchase and I would highly recommend it to anyone using Napster.   but  Again, this doesn't affect regular MP3 files - just subscription DRM-encoded files, like those from Napster-to-Go or Yahoo Music Unlimited.  
subscription DRM-encoded  $ neg $  The Zen was an impressive purchase and I would highly recommend it to anyone using Napster.   but  Again, this doesn't affect regular MP3 files - just subscription DRM-encoded files, like those from Napster-to-Go or Yahoo Music Unlimited.  
menu  $ pos $  The menu is easy to use and understand.  but  I don't know, maybe I got a defective one but first, the player would not shut off, next, the player would not come on - I had to send it away to get repaired.  
on  $ neg $  The menu is easy to use and understand.  but  I don't know, maybe I got a defective one but first, the player would not shut off, next, the player would not come on - I had to send it away to get repaired.  