phone  $ pos $  This is the first phone I know of that has the large bright screen, infrared, bluetooth, USB connector and a speakerphone. but  I thought it was kind of steeply priced at that time.
priced  $ neg $  This is the first phone I know of that has the large bright screen, infrared, bluetooth, USB connector and a speakerphone. but  I thought it was kind of steeply priced at that time.
LCD  $ pos $  Especially the LCD is big and the camera quality is among the very best around. but  Anyhow some demerits of this phone, The phone has a slow processor and the ear volume is lower than 6610 but then the 6610 has the best ear volume among most Nokia variants.
processor  $ neg $  Especially the LCD is big and the camera quality is among the very best around. but  Anyhow some demerits of this phone, The phone has a slow processor and the ear volume is lower than 6610 but then the 6610 has the best ear volume among most Nokia variants.
PDA  $ pos $  I have set up it's PDA features with avantgo.com where you can download info from sites like weather,mapquest maps/directions into it, which is great. but  The battery life of this phone is at most 2 days and at least one day at excessive use.
battery life  $ neg $  I have set up it's PDA features with avantgo.com where you can download info from sites like weather,mapquest maps/directions into it, which is great. but  The battery life of this phone is at most 2 days and at least one day at excessive use.
phone  $ pos $  I must add to the dismay/delight of readers this phone is simply the most groundbreaking phone mankind has ever held. but  Video recording is limited at just 9 seconds.
Video recording  $ neg $  I must add to the dismay/delight of readers this phone is simply the most groundbreaking phone mankind has ever held. but  Video recording is limited at just 9 seconds.
use  $ pos $  It has raised the bar owing to number of features it offers and the absolute ease of use delight. but  You can upgrade but then there's a certain level of trouble involved.
upgrade  $ neg $  It has raised the bar owing to number of features it offers and the absolute ease of use delight. but  You can upgrade but then there's a certain level of trouble involved.
keypad  $ pos $  1.The Phone has the best keypad any Nokia phone has to offer. but  It's as though Nokia has segregated 90% of the screen for fancy features rarely used and leave just 10% for the day to day use.
screen  $ neg $  1.The Phone has the best keypad any Nokia phone has to offer. but  It's as though Nokia has segregated 90% of the screen for fancy features rarely used and leave just 10% for the day to day use.
look  $ pos $  I must admit its not the best looking phone ever but then it has this look of static and absolute conviction that looks like everything a phone should be but  This phone is flashy and feels good in the hand, but it could not hold a connection to any of my bluetooth devices (headset, handheld, or desktop computer).
feels  $ neg $  I must admit its not the best looking phone ever but then it has this look of static and absolute conviction that looks like everything a phone should be but  This phone is flashy and feels good in the hand, but it could not hold a connection to any of my bluetooth devices (headset, handheld, or desktop computer).
MMC card  $ pos $  The Phone offers a 32 Mb MMC card and I think that is certainly the most exciting feature. but  who in the hell needs a frigging *VGA* camera on their CELLPHONE???
camera  $ neg $  The Phone offers a 32 Mb MMC card and I think that is certainly the most exciting feature. but  who in the hell needs a frigging *VGA* camera on their CELLPHONE???
Capacity  $ pos $  Capacity is not a problem here. but  Camera is nice, and video recording for some reason is only limited to 9 seconds.
Camera  $ neg $  Capacity is not a problem here. but  Camera is nice, and video recording for some reason is only limited to 9 seconds.
bluetooth  $ pos $  I click pictures in JPG format and because the phone has a bluetooth device I find it extremely easy to transfer pics to my pc and forth. but  Only thing I don't like about it is slow in changing apps, boot up, and sometime it has problem connect thru bluetooth.
slow  $ neg $  I click pictures in JPG format and because the phone has a bluetooth device I find it extremely easy to transfer pics to my pc and forth. but  Only thing I don't like about it is slow in changing apps, boot up, and sometime it has problem connect thru bluetooth.
log  $ pos $  The log functions helps you track down the incoming , outgoing calls in the most easy of ways. but  I must say, this one is quite slow to open an application.
slow  $ neg $  The log functions helps you track down the incoming , outgoing calls in the most easy of ways. but  I must say, this one is quite slow to open an application.
handsfree  $ pos $  The handsfree provided by the phone is useful for those who talk on the phone while driving. but  I have overall been disappointed with Nokia in the past, finding that Samsung and Motorola tended to have better quality phones.
Nokia  $ neg $  The handsfree provided by the phone is useful for those who talk on the phone while driving. but  I have overall been disappointed with Nokia in the past, finding that Samsung and Motorola tended to have better quality phones.
camera  $ pos $  i highly recommend it if you are looking for a phone with great camera quality and/or lots of features you would find in a PDA. but  The only problem is that occasionally the joystick does start to dig into your thumb while gaming.
joystick  $ neg $  i highly recommend it if you are looking for a phone with great camera quality and/or lots of features you would find in a PDA. but  The only problem is that occasionally the joystick does start to dig into your thumb while gaming.
shape  $ pos $  I like it's shape and it's keypad and joystick. but  My biggest concern is that I have found Nokia phones lower quality construction to lead to lower prices, but they also don't last as long.
construction  $ neg $  I like it's shape and it's keypad and joystick. but  My biggest concern is that I have found Nokia phones lower quality construction to lead to lower prices, but they also don't last as long.
6600  $ pos $  While this phone obviously doesn't have the same quality construction as Motorola does, the Nokia 6600 is one of the better phones I've used. but  STYLING/ERGONOMICS: The keys are small, which generally doesn't bother me if they are spaced because I can employ a little 'Braille,' but the keys run into each other, so careful attn. must be paid when dialing.
keys  $ neg $  While this phone obviously doesn't have the same quality construction as Motorola does, the Nokia 6600 is one of the better phones I've used. but  STYLING/ERGONOMICS: The keys are small, which generally doesn't bother me if they are spaced because I can employ a little 'Braille,' but the keys run into each other, so careful attn. must be paid when dialing.
versatility  $ pos $  What makes it so great is the versatility and the number of features it has. but  It's not as stylized as a Sony or Samsung.
stylized  $ neg $  What makes it so great is the versatility and the number of features it has. but  It's not as stylized as a Sony or Samsung.
audio quality  $ pos $  1) Great audio quality overall. but  The 6600 will provide similar service in more developed areas of The States and not as well in more remote areas.
6600  $ neg $  1) Great audio quality overall. but  The 6600 will provide similar service in more developed areas of The States and not as well in more remote areas.
camera  $ pos $  A decent camera phone for taking quick pictures, movies, and having general all around fun with. but  When you consider expandability (downloads via computer), the numerous features, two transmission programs and multiple storage devices, dependability - this is a phone that isn't easy to out-grow.
phone  $ neg $  A decent camera phone for taking quick pictures, movies, and having general all around fun with. but  When you consider expandability (downloads via computer), the numerous features, two transmission programs and multiple storage devices, dependability - this is a phone that isn't easy to out-grow.
joystick  $ pos $  3) The joystick design they are using on the new Nokias gives you a great degree of control. but  BLUETOOTH DOES NOT WORK ON THIS PHONE.
BLUETOOTH  $ neg $  3) The joystick design they are using on the new Nokias gives you a great degree of control. but  BLUETOOTH DOES NOT WORK ON THIS PHONE.
ring tone  $ pos $  4) One nice thing about Nokias is that they have a ton of ring tone and game choices. but  Only then did I learn the truth -- THIS PHONE DOES NOT WORK WITH PALM PDAS!
PHONE  $ neg $  4) One nice thing about Nokias is that they have a ton of ring tone and game choices. but  Only then did I learn the truth -- THIS PHONE DOES NOT WORK WITH PALM PDAS!
Nokia  $ pos $  If you love your cell phone games or changing your ring tones everyday, Nokia beats everyone else.
Nokia  $ neg $  In short - Nokia themselves don't know that this phone doesn't work with the Palm, and if you don't heed my advice you will spend hours with technicians around the globe reading from scripts, chiding you in broken english for not following their directions exactly.
Bluetooth  $ pos $  5) Bluetooth wireless technology, so that I can transfer data to and from my computer without messing with any cables. but  Ultimately you will learn just how bad Nokia is, and why their recent loss of market share is so utterly deserved.
Nokia  $ neg $  5) Bluetooth wireless technology, so that I can transfer data to and from my computer without messing with any cables. but  Ultimately you will learn just how bad Nokia is, and why their recent loss of market share is so utterly deserved.
phone  $ pos $  Other than that it meets or surpasses all of my needs and surely won't disappoint any already established Nokia phone fans. but  The photos in the address book are terribly scaled too; they look as though they were built out of legos.
photos  $ neg $  Other than that it meets or surpasses all of my needs and surely won't disappoint any already established Nokia phone fans. but  The photos in the address book are terribly scaled too; they look as though they were built out of legos.
applications  $ pos $  APPLICATIONS: It has lots of applications and they work very well... when you eventually find where they are and they finally open. but  It's important that people know the following:  First, the interface is slow.
interface  $ neg $  APPLICATIONS: It has lots of applications and they work very well... when you eventually find where they are and they finally open. but  It's important that people know the following:  First, the interface is slow.
memory  $ pos $  First of all, the phone houses a great deal of memory for multiple videos, sound clips, photos, texts, etc. but  Secondly, in addition to the lag each time you give a command, it's just not that easily useable on the go.
lag  $ neg $  First of all, the phone houses a great deal of memory for multiple videos, sound clips, photos, texts, etc. but  Secondly, in addition to the lag each time you give a command, it's just not that easily useable on the go.
coverage  $ pos $  The latter will provide better coverage in more remote areas of The States but still operates in many countries, excluding New Zealand and Australia. but  The number buttons are crammed into a 3x4cm area, the fonts are small, the interface is too convoluted and frustrating, it's not that customisable as well.
number buttons  $ neg $  The latter will provide better coverage in more remote areas of The States but still operates in many countries, excluding New Zealand and Australia. but  The number buttons are crammed into a 3x4cm area, the fonts are small, the interface is too convoluted and frustrating, it's not that customisable as well.
phone  $ pos $  A Sony Ericcson may be the phone for you... but good luck finding one w/ all the features & such a competitive price.
phone  $ neg $  This phone is not suitable for fast people, maybe only for old people.
phone  $ pos $  Despite a critical start, this phone deserves four stars because it accomplishes what it sets out to do (which is pretty lofty)... does more than most... does it well... is dependable. but  The menu pops up after 3 seconds The picture takes a while to load from its slow card memory.
slow  $ neg $  Despite a critical start, this phone deserves four stars because it accomplishes what it sets out to do (which is pretty lofty)... does more than most... does it well... is dependable. but  The menu pops up after 3 seconds The picture takes a while to load from its slow card memory.
phone  $ pos $  This phone is one of the best I've ever used. but  In noisy environment, it's hard to hear from the earpiece.
hear  $ neg $  This phone is one of the best I've ever used. but  In noisy environment, it's hard to hear from the earpiece.
camera  $ pos $  The camera and video functionality is decent, I can't see myself wasting my time with it, but some people will. but  Speaker volume is loud and clear but it sacrifaces the battery life.
volume  $ neg $  The camera and video functionality is decent, I can't see myself wasting my time with it, but some people will. but  Speaker volume is loud and clear but it sacrifaces the battery life.
phone  $ pos $  this is a great phone i have this phone since Feb 04 and i never have any problem at all. but  1-A cell phone is to make CALLS , in other words , quality of reception and mic/speaker are the most important , the 6600 has a relatively low volume speaker , you'd have to press it hard against your ear to hear anything the other person is saying , unless the surroundings were completely quiet .
volume  $ neg $  this is a great phone i have this phone since Feb 04 and i never have any problem at all. but  1-A cell phone is to make CALLS , in other words , quality of reception and mic/speaker are the most important , the 6600 has a relatively low volume speaker , you'd have to press it hard against your ear to hear anything the other person is saying , unless the surroundings were completely quiet .
ringtones  $ pos $  The ringtones are beautiful, the screen is super high quality. but  2- It is bulky and the small buttons on the sides are sloppy to use .
bulky  $ neg $  The ringtones are beautiful, the screen is super high quality. but  2- It is bulky and the small buttons on the sides are sloppy to use .
menu  $ pos $  It is Nokia and thus easy to acces the menu options. but  3- It is SLOW , if you keep the original configuration and progs (why'd u buy it then ?!) it'll run smoothly , but still slower than most other coloured-screen Nokias .
SLOW  $ neg $  It is Nokia and thus easy to acces the menu options. but  3- It is SLOW , if you keep the original configuration and progs (why'd u buy it then ?!) it'll run smoothly , but still slower than most other coloured-screen Nokias .
phone  $ pos $  Bottom line great phone for the time being.
phone  $ neg $  4- My idea was that it was an all-in-one , and that theory -once again- proves wrong , this phone excells at nothing , less  than average in everything , if you seriously need any of the "other than phone" functionalities , you'll be disappointed .... if you have lots of money and bought it for the love of gadgets then fine .... but don't expect to get much done .
color TFT display  $ pos $  I use a Nokia 6600, it has a great color TFT display and camera equipped with zoom, which complement a built-in video recorder with audio and a RealOne player for playback and streaming of 3GPP-compatible and RealMedia video clips. but  Basically the 6600 is a bundle of over-hyped features you don't and won't need (if you do get yourself a PDA or pocket PC) , none of them work as they should , and the basic phone functions and ergonomics are less than average .
features  $ neg $  I use a Nokia 6600, it has a great color TFT display and camera equipped with zoom, which complement a built-in video recorder with audio and a RealOne player for playback and streaming of 3GPP-compatible and RealMedia video clips. but  Basically the 6600 is a bundle of over-hyped features you don't and won't need (if you do get yourself a PDA or pocket PC) , none of them work as they should , and the basic phone functions and ergonomics are less than average .
Multimedia functions  $ pos $  Multimedia functions are enhanced by multi-slide MMS messages and a Gallery for organizing digital content captured or downloaded with the phone. but  I'm an advocate of Nokia , but this phone and the following models (7610) , are seemingly a desperate trial at squeezing as much under-engineered and experimental technologies in one sloppy phone .
phone  $ neg $  Multimedia functions are enhanced by multi-slide MMS messages and a Gallery for organizing digital content captured or downloaded with the phone. but  I'm an advocate of Nokia , but this phone and the following models (7610) , are seemingly a desperate trial at squeezing as much under-engineered and experimental technologies in one sloppy phone .
6600  $ pos $  The Nokia 6600 is a decent extension of the smartphone line. but  I'm giving it 1 star because as compared to other Nokia phones , its a 1 , compared to other blunders by other companies (such a samsung and motorrola) it might be good .... but if you're getting a Nokia , don't get this one .
phones  $ neg $  The Nokia 6600 is a decent extension of the smartphone line. but  I'm giving it 1 star because as compared to other Nokia phones , its a 1 , compared to other blunders by other companies (such a samsung and motorrola) it might be good .... but if you're getting a Nokia , don't get this one .
keypad  $ pos $  The phone has such advantages as the excellent keypad and display, long rundown time and a good software suite. but  Among its weak points is the MMC slot location and a bit vague design.
MMC slot  $ neg $  The phone has such advantages as the excellent keypad and display, long rundown time and a good software suite. but  Among its weak points is the MMC slot location and a bit vague design.
screen  $ pos $  A huge beautiful color screen which can not been scratched at all even with the rough handling i give it. but  Also, when I dial an "800" number like an airline, it will not allow me to use number keys to navigatee the prerecorded menu.
navigatee  $ neg $  A huge beautiful color screen which can not been scratched at all even with the rough handling i give it. but  Also, when I dial an "800" number like an airline, it will not allow me to use number keys to navigatee the prerecorded menu.
Nokia  $ pos $  Nokia makes great phones, and this one is the cream of the crop. but  Finally, after about a week's use, the screen started to freeze on me.
screen  $ neg $  Nokia makes great phones, and this one is the cream of the crop. but  Finally, after about a week's use, the screen started to freeze on me.
phone  $ pos $  Best phone i've ever owned, period. but  With one of the most intuitive user-interfaces around, seamless bluetooth sync with Microsoft Outlook, support for thousands of applications for the Symbian platform which this phone runs on (I own the IR Remote, ICQ and a few others), the Nokia 6600 is all of the above - one of the few phones from T-Mobile that can claim such a distinction.
user-interfaces  $ neg $  Best phone i've ever owned, period. but  With one of the most intuitive user-interfaces around, seamless bluetooth sync with Microsoft Outlook, support for thousands of applications for the Symbian platform which this phone runs on (I own the IR Remote, ICQ and a few others), the Nokia 6600 is all of the above - one of the few phones from T-Mobile that can claim such a distinction.
signal  $ pos $  UPSIDE: This one, like most Nokias, receives a consistently strong signal (I've tried some Samsung and Sony Ericsson models which were very weak on the reception front). but  They have the worst service of any of the major companies.
service  $ neg $  UPSIDE: This one, like most Nokias, receives a consistently strong signal (I've tried some Samsung and Sony Ericsson models which were very weak on the reception front). but  They have the worst service of any of the major companies.
Photos  $ pos $  Photos are pretty darned good! but  I find it difficult to remove back cover so is you plan to have a spare battery and replace it I suggest you don't ,besides it has a long battery life.
back cover  $ neg $  Photos are pretty darned good! but  I find it difficult to remove back cover so is you plan to have a spare battery and replace it I suggest you don't ,besides it has a long battery life.
phone  $ pos $  Probably a great phone overall, and perhaps mine just has bugs. but  the OS is abit confusing at 1st, but within a few days you will pass this learning curve!
OS  $ neg $  Probably a great phone overall, and perhaps mine just has bugs. but  the OS is abit confusing at 1st, but within a few days you will pass this learning curve!
phone  $ pos $  Ive had this phone for a year now - and its the best phone I have owned. but  I was using a Motorola T720i with Verizon and I had alot of dropped calls and I had troubles syncing data.
Motorola T720i  $ neg $  Ive had this phone for a year now - and its the best phone I have owned. but  I was using a Motorola T720i with Verizon and I had alot of dropped calls and I had troubles syncing data.
phone  $ pos $  but this by far is the best phone out there right now! but  I saw a few complaints on the load time of menus and I feel people are over-exaggerating the menu load time.
menus  $ neg $  but this by far is the best phone out there right now! but  I saw a few complaints on the load time of menus and I feel people are over-exaggerating the menu load time.
phone  $ pos $  The phone itself is pretty nice. but  Although the images are not the best in the world, its very handy to have a camera everywhere you go.
images  $ neg $  The phone itself is pretty nice. but  Although the images are not the best in the world, its very handy to have a camera everywhere you go.
Camera quality  $ pos $  Camera quality isn't bad for the low resolution. but  Especially the bluetooth server... Meaning you have to restart the phone if you want bluetooth to work again.
bluetooth  $ neg $  Camera quality isn't bad for the low resolution. but  Especially the bluetooth server... Meaning you have to restart the phone if you want bluetooth to work again.
features  $ pos $  This phone has a nice blend of features without going overboard. but  The only main drawback is the fact that the voice-dialing system is kinda picky.
voice-dialing system  $ neg $  This phone has a nice blend of features without going overboard. but  The only main drawback is the fact that the voice-dialing system is kinda picky.
menus  $ pos $  I did notice if you turn the phone on and off the OS takes a bit to load up and initially the menus are slower but once the phone has been on and booted up the menus are reasonably quicker. but  Some people have commented about the size and weight of the phone, and it has rightfully gotten the nick-name "the bar of soap" which, it really is.
size  $ neg $  I did notice if you turn the phone on and off the OS takes a bit to load up and initially the menus are slower but once the phone has been on and booted up the menus are reasonably quicker. but  Some people have commented about the size and weight of the phone, and it has rightfully gotten the nick-name "the bar of soap" which, it really is.
camera  $ pos $  The camera is adequate and if I want high-res photos I'll use my digital camera instead. but  I also am loving T-Mobile (100 times better than ATT...
T-Mobile  $ neg $  The camera is adequate and if I want high-res photos I'll use my digital camera instead. but  I also am loving T-Mobile (100 times better than ATT...
reception  $ pos $  As I drove across the country I lost reception only in eastern Kentucky's mountains. but  Have had the Nokia 6600 for a year now and am generally very happy with it and with T-Mobile.
6600  $ neg $  As I drove across the country I lost reception only in eastern Kentucky's mountains. but  Have had the Nokia 6600 for a year now and am generally very happy with it and with T-Mobile.
6600  $ pos $  Along the way we compared it to my wife's T720i and the 6600 was superior in terms of battery life, connectivity bars and features. but  Also the battery life isn't great but it's sufficient for my needs.
battery life  $ neg $  Along the way we compared it to my wife's T720i and the 6600 was superior in terms of battery life, connectivity bars and features. but  Also the battery life isn't great but it's sufficient for my needs.
iSync  $ pos $  For those Mac OSX users out there, iSync works fairly well. but  I recommend T-Mobile and the Nokia 6600 without reservation.
T-Mobile  $ neg $  For those Mac OSX users out there, iSync works fairly well. but  I recommend T-Mobile and the Nokia 6600 without reservation.
Bluetooth  $ pos $  And Bluetooth does not drain the battery as quick as I thought it would, I usually can go 1.5 days with Bluetooth on along with making calls before I need a full recharge. but  The Nokia 6600 is really just a glorified 3650: you know the 3650, those bulbous, formless, big phones a few unfortunate ATT customers are carrying around.
6600  $ neg $  And Bluetooth does not drain the battery as quick as I thought it would, I usually can go 1.5 days with Bluetooth on along with making calls before I need a full recharge. but  The Nokia 6600 is really just a glorified 3650: you know the 3650, those bulbous, formless, big phones a few unfortunate ATT customers are carrying around.
call logs  $ pos $  Clear the call logs once in a while to speed up the phone people!!! but  The only downside I have found with this phone is that it is a bit slow to react, meaning when I push the contacts button, it takes a while to load, this is true for almost all the menus and programs on the phone.
slow  $ neg $  Clear the call logs once in a while to speed up the phone people!!! but  The only downside I have found with this phone is that it is a bit slow to react, meaning when I push the contacts button, it takes a while to load, this is true for almost all the menus and programs on the phone.
phone  $ pos $  This is the first cell phone I've owned, and overall, I am quite pleased with it. but  Now the bad:  1) As usual, battery power not sufficient for daily usuage.
battery  $ neg $  This is the first cell phone I've owned, and overall, I am quite pleased with it. but  Now the bad:  1) As usual, battery power not sufficient for daily usuage.
phone  $ pos $  Among my requirments for a phone were: good screen, decent camera, bluetooth, and GPRS support. but  4) Buttons are quite small and is really a pain exp if one is fond of text messaging.
Buttons  $ neg $  Among my requirments for a phone were: good screen, decent camera, bluetooth, and GPRS support. but  4) Buttons are quite small and is really a pain exp if one is fond of text messaging.
6600  $ pos $  The 6600 was the best phone I could find with these options that I could get with t-mobile. but  but, i am quite unhappy with nokia at the moment.
nokia  $ neg $  The 6600 was the best phone I could find with these options that I could get with t-mobile. but  but, i am quite unhappy with nokia at the moment.
internet  $ pos $  One primary reason for getting a cell phone was so that I could use it as an internet connection for my laptop running linux, where softmodem drivers are hard to find, and don't work very well. but  DOwnside is the size of the phone, it is BIG for today's standard.
size  $ neg $  One primary reason for getting a cell phone was so that I could use it as an internet connection for my laptop running linux, where softmodem drivers are hard to find, and don't work very well. but  DOwnside is the size of the phone, it is BIG for today's standard.
camera  $ pos $  I have really enjoyed the camera on this phone. but  and the battery life is bad !
battery life  $ neg $  I have really enjoyed the camera on this phone. but  and the battery life is bad !
feature  $ pos $  And the phone has a very cool feature wich allows you to send images via a normal POP3/SMTP e-mail account. but  T610 supports only midi files.
T610  $ neg $  And the phone has a very cool feature wich allows you to send images via a normal POP3/SMTP e-mail account. but  T610 supports only midi files.