router  $ pos $  This router does everything that it is supposed to do, so i dont really know how to talk that bad about it.  but  It's probably a fine router, but I found the install wizard to be of poor quality.  
install  $ neg $  This router does everything that it is supposed to do, so i dont really know how to talk that bad about it.  but  It's probably a fine router, but I found the install wizard to be of poor quality.  
setup  $ pos $  It was a very quick setup and installation, in fact the disc that it comes with pretty much makes sure you cant mess it up.  but  It just tells you to start disconnecting and attaching cables without any input as to whether your current setup includes a pre-existing router (mine does), without any clarity as to whether you should be running the wizard on a hard-wired PC or a wireless equipped PC. 
wizard  $ neg $  It was a very quick setup and installation, in fact the disc that it comes with pretty much makes sure you cant mess it up.  but  It just tells you to start disconnecting and attaching cables without any input as to whether your current setup includes a pre-existing router (mine does), without any clarity as to whether you should be running the wizard on a hard-wired PC or a wireless equipped PC. 
works  $ pos $  It works great, i am usually at the full 54 mbps, although every now and then that drops to around 36 mbps only because i am 2 floors below where the router is.  but  The box proudly displays "SecureEasySetup (TM)" "Wireless Made Simple" "One Touch Setup Button" "Easy Start" "Easy Security" "Easy Everyday"   Apparently Linksys/Cisco knows that ease of setup is crucial. 
setup  $ neg $  It works great, i am usually at the full 54 mbps, although every now and then that drops to around 36 mbps only because i am 2 floors below where the router is.  but  The box proudly displays "SecureEasySetup (TM)" "Wireless Made Simple" "One Touch Setup Button" "Easy Start" "Easy Security" "Easy Everyday"   Apparently Linksys/Cisco knows that ease of setup is crucial. 
setup  $ pos $  Its the easiest thing to setup i thought, and i am only 16...So with all that said, BUY THE ROUTER!!!!      but  HOWEVER, configuration of my system and actual setup of the router for wireless use took me more than 3 hours, and briefly made me reconsider my choice to forego the airport and its notoriously easy setup. 
configuration  $ neg $  Its the easiest thing to setup i thought, and i am only 16...So with all that said, BUY THE ROUTER!!!!      but  HOWEVER, configuration of my system and actual setup of the router for wireless use took me more than 3 hours, and briefly made me reconsider my choice to forego the airport and its notoriously easy setup. 
router  $ pos $  I recently bought the Linksys WRT54G router and have been very happy with the router itself.  but  Too bad they don't mention anything about how the CD can't be used with a Mac. 
CD  $ neg $  I recently bought the Linksys WRT54G router and have been very happy with the router itself.  but  Too bad they don't mention anything about how the CD can't be used with a Mac. 
CD  $ pos $  This setup using the CD was about as easy as learning how to open a refrigerator door for the first time.  but  The Linksys technical support site has nothing about configuring the router for use with a Mac. 
technical support  $ neg $  This setup using the CD was about as easy as learning how to open a refrigerator door for the first time.  but  The Linksys technical support site has nothing about configuring the router for use with a Mac. 
works  $ pos $  This router works at 54Mbps that's megabyte not kilobyte.  but  I say adequate because it was enough to get wireless working, but nowhere near enough instruction to do the proper configuration job that I could have done if so!
instruction  $ neg $  This router works at 54Mbps that's megabyte not kilobyte.  but  I say adequate because it was enough to get wireless working, but nowhere near enough instruction to do the proper configuration job that I could have done if so!
Broadband  $ pos $  Broadband hooked up to this wireless setup flies.  but  What this product really needs is better documentation for how to set up the router for DIFFERENT OPERATING SYSTEMS!
documentation  $ neg $  Broadband hooked up to this wireless setup flies.  but  What this product really needs is better documentation for how to set up the router for DIFFERENT OPERATING SYSTEMS!
works  $ pos $  The router works fine for both wired and wireless.   but  * I'm giving it 4 stars because the setup process was so miserable. 
setup  $ neg $  The router works fine for both wired and wireless.   but  * I'm giving it 4 stars because the setup process was so miserable. 
connect  $ pos $  I can go pretty far away from my router and still connect wirelessly.   but  I had some issues when I had enabled WEP encryption and then moved on to WPA. 
WEP encryption  $ neg $  I can go pretty far away from my router and still connect wirelessly.   but  I had some issues when I had enabled WEP encryption and then moved on to WPA. 
product  $ pos $  It'll make life a lot easier, and preclude you from having to give this product a negative review.   but  Linksys is more costlier than others and is a home/consumer division of Cisco. 
costlier  $ neg $  It'll make life a lot easier, and preclude you from having to give this product a negative review.   but  Linksys is more costlier than others and is a home/consumer division of Cisco. 
router  $ pos $  This linksys router does it for the RIGHT PRICE.  but  There were no other obvious setup instructions - though there was a softcopy manual, it did not give an answer readily on what do to.  
instructions  $ neg $  This linksys router does it for the RIGHT PRICE.  but  There were no other obvious setup instructions - though there was a softcopy manual, it did not give an answer readily on what do to.  
WRT54G  $ pos $  I've since gotten the Linksys Modem (BEFCMU10) and stacked it with the WRT54G router and it works fantastic!!!  but  The only other problem was that security for the wireless connection.  
security  $ neg $  I've since gotten the Linksys Modem (BEFCMU10) and stacked it with the WRT54G router and it works fantastic!!!  but  The only other problem was that security for the wireless connection.  
installation  $ pos $  And the tech writers have made the installation process SO EASY for people lik my aunt to follow.  but  I tried the CD setup program without any luck.  
CD  $ neg $  And the tech writers have made the installation process SO EASY for people lik my aunt to follow.  but  I tried the CD setup program without any luck.  
product  $ pos $  A very well made product that has worked very well for me over the years.  but  Yes, the 1-800 number probably redirected me to someone in India, but the guy was easy to understand, and he helped solve the problem. 
1-800  $ neg $  A very well made product that has worked very well for me over the years.  but  Yes, the 1-800 number probably redirected me to someone in India, but the guy was easy to understand, and he helped solve the problem. 
works  $ pos $  So far it all works fine with either cable or wireless connections.   but  The Achilles heel of this router is its inability to stream music, or copy large files over the local network.  
stream  $ neg $  So far it all works fine with either cable or wireless connections.   but  The Achilles heel of this router is its inability to stream music, or copy large files over the local network.  
setup  $ pos $  The setup was very easy.  but  After some research on the Net, I discovered that there is indeed a flaw with the current WRT54G design (WRT54G, version 3, which Amazon currently sells).  
design  $ neg $  The setup was very easy.  but  After some research on the Net, I discovered that there is indeed a flaw with the current WRT54G design (WRT54G, version 3, which Amazon currently sells).  
signals  $ pos $  drops and strong signals even from the backyard.  but  The installation software CD crashed repeatedly. 
CD  $ neg $  drops and strong signals even from the backyard.  but  The installation software CD crashed repeatedly. 
security  $ pos $  The WRT54G offers excellent security features and much more (and easier) configuration menu that I didn't even need a manual to setup correctly.   but  I then tried to set up the router through Linksys's browser interface, but as the only instructions available tell you to use the installation CD, I had little luck - I did manage to connect briefly, but the connection kept dropping, and with no idea of how to resolve THAT issue, I gave up.   
connection  $ neg $  The WRT54G offers excellent security features and much more (and easier) configuration menu that I didn't even need a manual to setup correctly.   but  I then tried to set up the router through Linksys's browser interface, but as the only instructions available tell you to use the installation CD, I had little luck - I did manage to connect briefly, but the connection kept dropping, and with no idea of how to resolve THAT issue, I gave up.   
quality  $ pos $  The quality is significant and you'll be very happy from saving time and the headache.       but  Knocked 1 star off for the install wizard - it wasted alot of time running it.     
wizard  $ neg $  The quality is significant and you'll be very happy from saving time and the headache.       but  Knocked 1 star off for the install wizard - it wasted alot of time running it.     
working  $ pos $  I got it working fast enough.   but  The setup wasn't quite perfect the first time -- I needed to go through a web-based interface to set up the router (to give  it info on my DSL provider account), though the documentation for this was staightforward.  
setup  $ neg $  I got it working fast enough.   but  The setup wasn't quite perfect the first time -- I needed to go through a web-based interface to set up the router (to give  it info on my DSL provider account), though the documentation for this was staightforward.  
router  $ pos $  It is a nice router in all ways but one.   but  I like the fact that it IS EASY to use with limited networking experience- the problem I have is that there are many useless features on the unit, and some wanted features, like a list of computers accessing my wireless, is not easily found on my router.   
use  $ neg $  It is a nice router in all ways but one.   but  I like the fact that it IS EASY to use with limited networking experience- the problem I have is that there are many useless features on the unit, and some wanted features, like a list of computers accessing my wireless, is not easily found on my router.   
install  $ pos $  It's easy to install the security on this product but Linksys doesn't do a good job of explaining why its important.   but  It took me three days, to the tune of Neil Young's song "Piece Of Cr--!", to get this to work with the satellite hookup I was hired to connect this wireless network up to.  
satellite  $ neg $  It's easy to install the security on this product but Linksys doesn't do a good job of explaining why its important.   but  It took me three days, to the tune of Neil Young's song "Piece Of Cr--!", to get this to work with the satellite hookup I was hired to connect this wireless network up to.  
support  $ pos $  Unlike other reviewers, I have found the support to be responsive, almost no wait time on the phone, and relatively knowledgeable.  but  There is not a word about satellite issues in either the user guide or the "knowledge" database at linksys.com, and first tech support person I spoke with kept me on the phone for an hour, then gave me a web site address to consult--that turned out to be the one I'd already found during a search of my own.  
tech support  $ neg $  Unlike other reviewers, I have found the support to be responsive, almost no wait time on the phone, and relatively knowledgeable.  but  There is not a word about satellite issues in either the user guide or the "knowledge" database at linksys.com, and first tech support person I spoke with kept me on the phone for an hour, then gave me a web site address to consult--that turned out to be the one I'd already found during a search of my own.  
priced  $ pos $  Overall, this router seems like a reasonably priced product th! but  I'd recommend this is you want to wireless network your laptop, but if you want to wirelessly network a couple desktops together you might want to wait until Linksys improves their desktop software/hardware.     
desktops  $ neg $  Overall, this router seems like a reasonably priced product th! but  I'd recommend this is you want to wireless network your laptop, but if you want to wirelessly network a couple desktops together you might want to wait until Linksys improves their desktop software/hardware.     
products  $ pos $  at works as well as can be expected for products in this space and the company backs it up with good support.      but  I had a lot of problems setting it up, since the software given along with it is buggy. 
setting  $ neg $  at works as well as can be expected for products in this space and the company backs it up with good support.      but  I had a lot of problems setting it up, since the software given along with it is buggy. 
Setup  $ pos $  Setup in XP was instant and intuitive.  but  The firmware has bugs too, so download and install the latest firmware from Linksys. 
firmware  $ neg $  Setup in XP was instant and intuitive.  but  The firmware has bugs too, so download and install the latest firmware from Linksys. 
pipeline  $ pos $  The main advantage of this system over its predecessor is the ability to open a wider pipeline between clients.  but  The instant setup button in the front of the router messes up the network it is better to configure the router manually. 
instant setup  $ neg $  The main advantage of this system over its predecessor is the ability to open a wider pipeline between clients.  but  The instant setup button in the front of the router messes up the network it is better to configure the router manually. 
quality  $ pos $  Linksys quality and tech support have been outstanding.      but  Both of them keep disconnecting on me and interruptions are 3 or 4 times per day at best. 
disconnecting  $ neg $  Linksys quality and tech support have been outstanding.      but  Both of them keep disconnecting on me and interruptions are 3 or 4 times per day at best. 
installation  $ pos $  I upgraded both my card and router and really had no problems with installation on my Sony VAIO laptop (XP operating system).   but  Was a bit wary because the software is Windows only and I have an iMac. 
software  $ neg $  I upgraded both my card and router and really had no problems with installation on my Sony VAIO laptop (XP operating system).   but  Was a bit wary because the software is Windows only and I have an iMac. 
set up  $ pos $  I haven't tried to set up any advanced features on the router, but it is not difficult to set up for basic use.   but  The downside being that the Tivo can only connect at 802.11b speeds and not 802.11g. 
Tivo  $ neg $  I haven't tried to set up any advanced features on the router, but it is not difficult to set up for basic use.   but  The downside being that the Tivo can only connect at 802.11b speeds and not 802.11g. 
documentation  $ pos $  The documentation is much better than the documentation that came with the 11b router -- I needed a lot of help from Linksys technical assistance to set that one up.   but  Now this router is not the cheapest on the market.  
cheapest  $ neg $  The documentation is much better than the documentation that came with the 11b router -- I needed a lot of help from Linksys technical assistance to set that one up.   but  Now this router is not the cheapest on the market.  
router  $ pos $  I like this router a whole lot better the Linksys 11b router it replaced -- the signal strength seems ot be much stroners, seldom falling below the "very good" range (and most often excellent within 25-50 feet of the router.   but  The performance of the router itself deserves 5 stars, but the Linksys documentation and support is so poor that I can only give it 4. 
performance  $ neg $  I like this router a whole lot better the Linksys 11b router it replaced -- the signal strength seems ot be much stroners, seldom falling below the "very good" range (and most often excellent within 25-50 feet of the router.   but  The performance of the router itself deserves 5 stars, but the Linksys documentation and support is so poor that I can only give it 4. 
backward  $ pos $  I have had no problem either with backward compatiaibility, in that the "mixed mode" feature lets you both 54 and 11 Mb cards off the router.      but  Even the PDF manual that comes with it is pretty vague for someone not familiar with "MAC settings", etc. 
manual  $ neg $  I have had no problem either with backward compatiaibility, in that the "mixed mode" feature lets you both 54 and 11 Mb cards off the router.      but  Even the PDF manual that comes with it is pretty vague for someone not familiar with "MAC settings", etc. 
router  $ pos $  As far as dealing with network access of other computers this router is pretty good given the price- remember this router is the same one that was released right when the G standard was introduced to the market.  but  It constantly drops the internet connection and simple things like WALLS in our house block the link so everything is very slow.  
connection  $ neg $  As far as dealing with network access of other computers this router is pretty good given the price- remember this router is the same one that was released right when the G standard was introduced to the market.  but  It constantly drops the internet connection and simple things like WALLS in our house block the link so everything is very slow.  
router  $ pos $  All in all, it's a good router if you don't have the cash for a Speedbooster one.  but  The tech support is worthless too.     
support  $ neg $  All in all, it's a good router if you don't have the cash for a Speedbooster one.  but  The tech support is worthless too.     